 Visit your bank in person or call them up, and tell them you need to reverse all recent charges and payments to Blizzard. Cite them breaking the contractual obligations related to tournament prize winnings and how you spent this money due to wanting to get involved with E-Sports on a professional level. State that you consider your freedom of speech important and cite the plaque at Blizzard HQ for your thoughts as to why you believed your freedom of speech would not disqualify you from your E-Sports career. Now that you are disqualified, you feel that the sale was made in bad faith, and that you demand the charges to be reversed.

Chargebacks put a bad mark on a company. Enough chargebacks, and they will be forced to pay higher fees when taking credit and debit cards, from less than 3% to upwards of 10-20% per transactions. This would only eventually happen if enough people did this together, citing this incident, however even a few chargebacks are enough to make a company sweat. I feel like we have valid grounds and the banks will in most cases side with the purchaser.

Good luck.
I'm just really hoping for you all to keep up that Boycott when they show off D4 next Blizzcon.
Don't know who he is? Is he a Blizzard worker that supports CCP?
That’s good meme work right there
Do you guys not have a Huwaeii phone?

Typical this poster boy from China enjoys rights in America while supressing others. F
We all know why he got his job...
\#BoycottBlizzard for blizzard all about that #SuckDongForYuan

Diablo Immortal is the gift that keeps on giving.
Don't you guys have communist phones?
blizzard moderators must be having a good time.
Damn, I was trying to think of a way to meme this guy and relate it to this China stuff... Good one.
I'm against this, this guy is just an employee who was put in a difficult position. i don't think we should involve him in this like this
Now, this is an out of season June 4th joke.
love the crop
Bro you just posted cringe you are going to lose social credit score
I always wondered if gear score was a precursor to social credit.
You think you want freedom of speech, but you don't.
....Still ***very*** punch-able.
Do we know know Wyatt Cheng's actual opinion on this or we assuming everyone in blizzard is in support of the ban? This would be borderline slander if anything and racist for just choosing Wyatt because he had a bad show at blizzcon and that he's Asian.
Blizzard can’t do anything about chargebacks — they deactivate the users playable accounts of those who perform chargebacks via their bank, which is a useless strategy if the people requesting refunds don’t need or want their accounts and digital purchases anymore.

Obviously if your bank notices you are regularly charging back items, they will know you’re cheating that system and would investigate the  numerous refunds. But if you do it honorably, the banks have incentives to get your money back ASAP to keep you onboard their ecosystem.

Use this privilege, but don’t abuse it.
it doesnt sound like a good reason to me get a charge back. Idk, i never asked for a chargeback but i would be surprised if "i dont like how blizzard acted recently" is a reason to get a chargeback.

I alway thought it was more if you didnt get your product you asked for or something like that. I highly doubt a moral reason is a reason to get one.
This is pretty good advice except for chargebacks - they don't really do much.
Does this actually work?
Yeah, don't do this.
A few things. 
1. You can file a dispute for service not rendered or service not as described. 
2. If I remember correctly, you can go back about 90 days and still have chargeback rights. 
3. I can't wait to start seeing Blizzard disputes rolling in at my work.
"I FEEL LIKE WE HAVE VALID GROUNDS"

Put the bong down mclovin stop giving bullshit advice on things you haven't got the first idea about.

Don't be handing out financial advice you aren't qualified or competent to give.
Blizzcon starts 1st November. They apparently have a lot of stuff to announce. Aside from the normal, new Hots hero, new Overwatch Hero and new Hearthstone expac. They should announce the next Wow expac, along with some details about the final patch of this expac. There might be another Overwatch game, more PVE focused. There's Diablo 4 which will probably be announced too. 

People will instantly forget and be like "The real Blizzard is back" " See they do listen"
[deleted]
From what I remember he was one of the guys answering a Q&A at blizzcon after the reveal of a new diablo game on mobile (of which diablo fans were very dissapointed with). One person questioned if it would be available on PC, to which they said they had no plans to put it on PC. Whole crowd booed, to which he then responded "do you guys not have phones?".
Wyatt Cheng
a guy who work at blizzard and announced diablo immortal on Cellphone at blizzcon

The reaction from the crowd was horrible and the guy said something like "dont you guys have cellphone?" 

It just show how these people are out of touch, the issue wasnt that we didnt have cell phone, the issue itself was because they announce a diablo (which will probably be a money pit) on cellphone.
A Uighur monitor device?
kek
I don't think he is Chinese lad, don't feed into the whole stereotype thing.

Be a more global person.

On the other hand, he has really poor taste on choice of words.
> Diablo Immortal

Diablo Immoral, fixed it for you!
No no, you see instead of being mad at the CEO and marketing teams for following awful profit-orientated PR procedures to maximize profit while minimizing the humanity of both its workers and professional players, we should photoshop more funny China memes.

I honestly wish people got more mad at Blizzard for [laying off a tenth of their employees early this year](https://www.engadget.com/2019/02/12/activision-blizzard-layoffs-800-employees-record-2018/), that was much shittier, and actually affected hundreds of working class lives.
It's not. A good reason is to state that goods and services were not delivered as promised. Source: I work in the payment card industry.
Yes, people do it every day.
It works, it’s been done, and people will do it. 

Just don’t abuse the chargeback system, and in situations they will honor the request.
You have no idea what you are talking about.  Banks will honor chargeback requests in many cases simply upon the word of the customer.  I have about 9 years experience in this space.  So don't waste my time with your aggression and insults, okay loser?  Your post history is enough to tell me what type of angry and insecure person you are.  Please just keep it to yourself, and maybe you will learn to leave the cycle of hate you are trapped in.
Some of us will stick to boycotting Blizzard. Not all of us, but I can guarantee that some of us will. If enough of us do, then the movement can keep its traction or even grow. Each and every single one of us is responsible for making that happen however.

I know that personally I'll have no problem finding other games to play with. I've uninstalled the Blizzard launcher and I don't intend on reinstalling it.
It's honestly pathetic how many people aren't willing to stand on their principles these days.
See my other reply to the user "Cornfapper", where I point out that Blizzard in recent years really went for the "easy to impress with shinies" crowd, especially if they are easy to exploit. So without the shadow of a doubt will they make some phat pre-Order bank with whatever shit they announce. 


And people will conviently forget, because is how the systems supports itself. Howeever if there is one thing I learned in over 17 years of consuming Blizzard products is that they definitely do not listen. Not even to the impressionables they try to appease.


Blizzard has real issues with long term planning. Their content policy is like a child in a candy shop. They will casuallize their games, flatten the complexity, push loot boxes and in general go for the quickest strongest cash grabs possible, they will absolutely dig down on the candy in front of them. And then they sit there with a hurting stomach, with people that do not stay in their games unless the next piece of candy is hurled at them cause that is what they conditioned everyone to expect. And that just isn't what leads to a healthy playerbase. Which is how you get to Blizzard Fans that mostly mention their old Blizzard-Love in relations to Nostalgia, cause that is all they have left. A spouse they vaguely remember to have been someone who they loved many years ago.
I mean I must admit I have a super deep seated hatred for D3 (any Version, reaper is still garbo to me) as I played and enjoyed D2 for years, so understandably I moved on to Torchlight, Grim Dawn and Path of Exile. So take that into account when I say that I hope D4 fails super hard, cause that in my opinion is kind of what they deserve for the shit they produce these days. 


Let's be honest, D4 (and I think it will come) is gonna be marketed to the same people that liked D3. Cause: 

a) D3 works so similarly to many of the other current Blizz games, they are not gonna return to integrity 

b) the D3 demographic is either already easy to exploit or has been trained over the years to be easily exploitable (you live with the market you get used to it, it's not actually that different over here in PoE, you just get used to the shitty side of businesses, that is how capitalism survives so well) 

c) It makes sense to cache in the same audience that bought and enjoyed the previous game 

d) There is no chance to compete with the other ARPG audiences in any way, as they cannot beat PoE and Grim Dawn on depth or Torchlight modability and ease of use or any other ARPGs, they can only compete in fast food instant gratification fodder with a casual bias cause that is both - as explained above - easy to exploit and also not sufficiently supported by other ARPGs on the market.

So they'd be stupid not to make D4 kind of like D3, just with new shiny graphics and other features that I'm sure will entice a lot of players. Which is why I hope people will remember Blizzard's shitty moves when D4 rolls around - cause if there is one thing Blizzard is good at, it is creating hype.
Ahhh. I see the joke now. Thanks. 

I thought he was an actual Chinese Citizen that is in support of the CCP that works at Blizzard. Its sad to see Pro-Democracy Chinese people get suppressed by their fellow citizens. But not also suppressed by an American gaming company. Blizzard is trash.
This guy was so into mobile. Like people
Actually wanted a mobile diablo game. Lol. The real reason is China has the biggest smartphone market whereas it doesn’t really have a console/ PC footprint.
This whole post is a stereotyping him as chinese, since as far as I know, Wyatt hasn't chimed in an opinion on this situation anyways. I support HK, but I don't support shitty memes.
*Chinese origin,  happy snowflake
I have experienced chargebacks for hundreds of dollars when the product was delivered with a signature and tracking number.  In most cases the request is honored without anything else needing to be said, aside from "The associated company failed to follow through as per the terms and conditions, and/or engaged in deceptive or malicious practices".    


If you are involved in politics, and purchased the games so you could also become a professional gamer, but now are unable to participate due to your political involvement, you very well are deserving of a chargeback, especially when the company itself has stated that "Every voice matters", which can easily be interpreted as the ability to express oneself.    


You purchased a product from a company that is now banning people for behavior that otherwise was presented as acceptable.  That is ALL you have to say.
so what you are saying is 

1. Go on Blizzard Platform like World of Warcaft and Get banned for Supporting Hong Kong

2. Go to bank and Cite that your subscription is not being deleveired as promised because you were banned in bad faith

3. Profit???
I just don’t believe that you can legally take all the money you have spent over years from blizzard. With no legal problems
Ok sorry. Ignore my decade of experience. Go with your gut. You utter womble.
Your defiance remains important.
no shit he was into it. you don't go on stage to present a new product and not act like you're really into it.
East Asian origins is ample enough (even though that would be again misleading considering Indians and arabs do come under asian)

Can't be too politically correct nowadays, i wish we could get over talking about race thing and judge people on their character and ethics
what if my last purchase was a year and a half ago? would that be too long of a timeframe?
Well you don’t profit, but you do make Blizzard horrifically suffer for what they’ve done
Uh... no.
Over the years no, recently (past few months) yes
These are digital products, the bank, or even paypal really doesn't care that much. They'll initially always side with the consumer against the shop. Don't do this for actual merch though. That case isn't made as easily.
Well, the thing is, *you* aren't doing it, the bank is.  If the bank is really willing to do a charge back because "The company I bought from did a political thing I don't like", that's on them. 

But if you lie and make up a bunch of shit about the game not working because you know they aren't going to do a chargeback over political stuff, then that's fraud.
You basically file a complaint, tell the bank your reasons, and they decide what to do.  Nine times out of ten they simply side with the consumer.  Simple as that.  As long as you do not present false information, you are fine.
You have a decade of experience, and you don’t know how chargebacks work? You’ve got more experience sucking blizzards balls by the sound of it lol, good luck defending their honor while people get refunds. 

Blizzard can’t do anything about chargebacks — they deactivate the users playable accounts of those who perform chargebacks via their bank, which is a useless strategy if the people requesting refunds don’t need or want their accounts and digital purchases anymore. 

Obviously if your bank notices you are regularly charging back items, they will know you’re cheating that system and would investigate the  numerous refunds. But if you do it honorably, the banks have incentives to get your money back ASAP to keep you onboard their ecosystem. 

What exactly do you have 10 years of experience in...? Sounds like you don’t even leave your house man
Thanks for echoing what I was saying lol
up to your bank
Sooooooo, profiting then
anytime chief