Making rainbow merch makes LOTS of money.
Questioning the party doesn’t.
This is far from over. Access Now (prominent digital human rights protection group) called out Bobby earlier tonight. They wanted blitz completely unbanned and asked Blizzard to clarify their policies around human rights and freedom of speech. Here's the article: https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/d3a5xx/blizzard-doesnt-respect-the-human-rights-of-its-customers-major-rights-organization-says
Blizzard loves using politics and especially social justice when it suits them.
So Blizzard supports LBGTQ rights, but also supports an authoritarian government that oppresses gay people?
Blizzard: "We are not a platform for divisive social or political views.... unless it makes us MONEY and doesn't harm our bottom line in a foreign country."
Congrats on doubling down on your bullshit with your double standards blizzard.
Hahaha, this post is a winner.

Social issues are used by companies when its financially convenient, not otherwise.
My wife was thinking about re-upping our wow subscriptions.  Not now.  They're so completely full of shit this denial just makes it worse.
Oh boy... how many gay characters are they gonna introduce next week to make up for this?
It's only allowed if it benefits them as a company.
wait is china not extremely "homophobic" and open  homosexuality is banned there? so i doubt that this would even air even 1 second there
I actually am 100% for Blizz supporting the LGBTQ community, but I still agree the flagrant hypocrisy of Blizz’s response today is disgusting.  It’s so transparently insincere that it insults me.  

It also basically also implicitly shows they never really cared about LGBTQ issues in the first place ... since all they truly love is money.

Blizz, either you stand for your convictions (whatever they happen to be) or you don’t.  Today I learned you don’t stand for anything anymore ... except making money.  That’s your only true core value.

I’m done with this company.
> One of our goals at Blizzard is to make sure that every player, everywhere in the world, regardless of political views, religious beliefs, race, gender, or any other consideration always feels safe and welcome both competing in and playing our games.

So, who exactly doesn’t feel “safe and welcome” because of somebody supporting democracy in front of a totalitarian, genocidal, organ-harvesting regime? Who was hurt here?
Yes wouldn't this offend Russians? Bullshit PR statement. Takes them a week to release one with no apology and a load of lies. Thank you, I hope you fold or at least move that sorry ass company to China.
Yeah, that's sort of the dirty little secret here. If the political message expressed was something popular with American progressives like LGBT stuff, they wouldn't have punished it.  On the other hand, if the political message expressed was something unpopular with American progressives like "Make America Great Again" or whatever, they would have punished it and most of you wouldn't have minded.
A lot of people in these comments fail to realize that the point. Blizzard has taken "divisive" political views in the past and there should be no reason they wouldn't do that now.
Yup total hypocrites, when it involves China it's a "sensitive issue" when it's the pride community they are all for human rights and try to monetize it with all kinds of rainbow cosmetics in multiple games.
Welcome to capitalism
[removed]
 Can you imagine if someone after winning a tournament said something  like "Black Lives Matter", or "I support gay rights"?  Like hell  Blizzard would ban them, the casters, and take away prize money.   Seriously if, they're going to stand by their no politics stance, they  have to ban, and if they do, watch as all the social media rage about  Blizzard being intolerant and racist.
To be fair, they did say 'divisive social views'. That doesn't include /b/ basement dwellers that whine about pride.
Welp, its official Blizzard fuduged up beyond repair with this one
Wasn't the ok hand banned too?
I like that you made your point and didn't even use [the tweet from the actual Blizzard account.](https://mobile.twitter.com/blizzard_ent/status/1134509599208484864?lang=en) Might I add part of the funds going to the Trevor Project are used for advocacy, a.k.a. lobbying state governments and federal alike. (I support LGBTQ rights, just not blatant hypocrisy)
social justice is politics. No need for the redundancy.
Wait, when did they confirm that mei, mercy, zarya, pharah, bridgette, and moria are all lesbians? I mean, I assumed at least two of them probably were, but I just don't remember so many characters being announced.
A lot of people in this thread are just too happy to use this situation to throw the LGBT+ community under the bus and it's showing.

LGBT people are the first to speak up against pink washing. Of course it's a political statement. Of course it's hypocritical. But representation still matters and has a net positive effect on the world. "apache helicopter" jokes on reddit do not.
This is a great point
lemme steal this real quick
Standing up for social justice or politics is just another PR tool, they'll only do it if it makes them a buck.
Just you wait, now Blizzard will paint us as homophobes!
[removed]
GG I was Coca Cola
[removed]
Companies always support politics until it costs them money :(
[deleted]
[deleted]
Really.... you are trying to spin this backlash against human rights abuses into an anti-gay agenda?

Honestly, you should move to China yourself. You would be very happy there. They hate gay people too... despite the fact that they have 2 or 3 men for every woman due to stupid extreme policies they forced on people starting in the 1970s. (And before that, they caused a massive famine in their country due to another thoughtless, extreme policy that they rallied everyone too-- the government there just never learns its lesson.)
What makes this more amusing is that in China, they hide the fact that Tracer and Soldier 76 are gay.

They only believe in freedom if it makes them money. If it doesn't, they are happy to turn the other way.
a lot of these slacktivists dont understand that.
thats literally what a business does, I dont know why you guys are acting like its some big thing that a publicly traded company does whats best for its shareholders.... Blizzard did what will make blizzard and the shareholders the most money.
If you weren't aware, in China for instance all the LGBTQ stuff is scrubbed. Tracer and Soldier 76 for instance are completely straight, in China. Multiple people have confirmed this.

The virtue signalling has always been a lie for dollars.
Then we DOUBLE IT!

Aren’t you thankful!


I guess that’s their standard response now.
Does cancelling a WOW subscription make you lose all your progress? Thinking of cancelling mine as well.
No matter how many new gay characters they release, you can bet they'll be straight as a ruler in China and Russia.
[removed]
I hope Bastion will identify as an Apache Helicopter and he get's a new Ultimate XD
If you think for a second that if china told Blizzard not to make Tracer gay- *oh wait, they already did!*
They also hate black people. That’s why Diablo Immortal had no Witch Doctor. 

If you want to see hypocrisy look up Chinese versions of movie posters. All black people are either removed or minimized. It’s pretty freaking hilarious because in the west they push racial diversity and LBGTQ to an extreme and in China they do the opposite. 

Companies don’t care about issues. They care about money. Companies are not our allies and we shouldn’t look to them for moral guidance.
Blizzard stands for making money. They don't care about you if you're not making money. The LGBTQ is seen as a way to look good and get more people engaged. Blizzard exploits the LGBTQ community for money. If there wasn't money tied up in China they wouldn't have done anything here. If supporting Hong Kong would make them more money then supporting China they would be doing that. China has blizzard by the dick and we all know it.
> Yes wouldn't this offend Russians?

Yes, but Russia doesn't lock down their country as much as China so it's less of an ordeal. Just censor and release.

Tracer and Soldier 76 aren't gay in Russia.
>Yes wouldn't this offend Russians? 

And almost half of Americans, but of course nobody gives a shit about that.
I might not agree with the whole MAGA thing, but I absolutely would not want them censored for stating their beliefs and kinda doubt it would have gone over well either.
And just think- China wouldn't even object!
LGBT stuff isn't divisive in United States coastal metropolises and college campuses, therefore it's not divisive at all?  Did you know that other countries exist?
China, Russia and several other countries where they market their products remain extremely homophobic though.
Its not just that. Their whole argument is "The game streams are supposed to be about the game and nothing else", but they're more than happy to rake in those wokebucks constantly in a blatant show of hypocrisy.
[removed]
That's kind of the point. Tons of morons complain about pride events, and they are correctly ignored because their ignorant or malicious opinions dont make pride a "divisive" issue. There is one right answer to the question of whether or not a gay person should have equal rights.

Whether Hong Kong should surrender their rights to China is a similar issue. The only thing divisive is that the people trying to take their rights will cause Blizzard to lose money if they aren't appeased.

So when their official statement is that it totally has nothing to do with China and that they just don't want to be divisive, gay pride would fall under the same umbrella.
dude most of the world is against pride. Most Muslims, even western muslims are against pride. As are orthodox christians. They are divisive in a world sense, maybe not as much as America. Remember that they did not release an OW comic in Russia because Tracer is lesbian. Most of the world is not pro your social views.
Exactly. Blizzard has taken a stance on a non-divisive issue before with pride. HK is an equally non-divisive issue. China's oppression is acknowledged by every major nation in the world, except for China (and if I had to guess, I imagine Russia and NK are mum on it). That group is not the most inspiring for determining who's on the right side of history...
Who’s complaining about liberty?

Why is liberty a political issue?
You mean the current executive arm of the United States Government?
I think its more about the hypocrisy of their statements, not about whether or not pride is a divisive issue. Their statement basically says "Blizzard does not wish to partake in politics" but supporting pride is an inherently political stance even if its the right thing to do.
Social justice has been made highly political lately, and as a result, the term has been tainted in a way. I don’t think it’s fair to dismiss all social justice issues as just politics. Racism and sexism are still very real. The fact that these issues are also political, doesn’t mean that they don’t exist, that they are just politics. EDIT: I don’t subscribe to SJW type of social justice. I am using the original meaning of the word.
It’s probably some tumblr fanart
Money
"divisive social or political views"

Id say it fits into the "divisive social" part.

Why is it relevant during a tournament? They should be focused on the game right?
I think the comparison is fair since basic rights shouldn't be up for debate either.
> Since how long are LGBTQ colors considered a political controversy?

Ignoring western views:

Homosexuality is a crime in CHINA.
Its not really a controversy, but it's a political topic that doesn't matter for the game, that's why the comparison
It’s relevant because if they allow political statements that are controversial, and have *nothing* to do with the game, they should allow all of them.  They don’t get to try to score virtue signalling points on some non-game political issues but be absolutely cowards on others.
Communist China being a brutal authoritarian state isn't controversial either. That's the point.
>considered a political controversy

they said social too. Read the statement carefully
Well considering just today Blizzard banned the head of an all-gay WoW classic guild, and forcefully changed their guild name to not reference homosexuality... not much of a mistake. (The change and ban \*were\* reversed, but the rep that handled it said that they could expect it to happen again)
>Since how long are LGBTQ colors considered a political controversy?

How did you make it to the internet without knowing this?
It may not be divisive in America but it certainly is in some other countries If Blizzard are claiming to keep  their eSports apolitical, that policy should also apply to other movements such as LGBTQ+. 

It’s just evidence of hypocrisy and Blizzard showing clear favouritism for certain social movements.
What? WHAT? That statement could only be written by someone living in a bubble under a rock at the bottom of the ocean of a planet in another galaxy.
LGBTQ rights aren’t universal, and still stir up controversies outside the US.
clearly you've had no dealings with the American south
Wew lad, you really missed the point on this one.
It's not an anti-gay agenda, it's just pointing out Blizzards hypocrisy
Dude is pointing out the double standard, chill out
How many times did your mother drop you on your head?
You're even dumber than Blizzard. Reading comprehension is important, learn it.
Anti gay? Bitch you blind? They're sucking money out of the media by pretending to be supportive to the lgbt cause fuckhead, if it was offensive they'd ban that shit on an instant
Everyoneone understands that, that's the point...
Who is expressing confusion on this point?  I haven't seen anyone in this thread say, "But *why* did Blizzard do what China said.  Are they mad at America???"

No shit it's money.  A company can have integrity and still stay afloat, though, and many companies choose to *not* sell out their souls while staying in business.  People are upset because, while Blizzard *said* that's what they wanted to do, they clearly do not.  That's lying, and you'll find that people (yes...even "these slacktivists") do not enjoy being lied to.

There are even laws against companies lying to consumers, because people object to it so much.
because at some point money is not all that matters? [https://www.cnbc.com/2019/06/09/nearly-200-ceos-sign-letter-calling-abortion-bans-bad-for-business.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/06/09/nearly-200-ceos-sign-letter-calling-abortion-bans-bad-for-business.html)
And I guess we're supposed to be OK with that and not hold them to any sort of moral standard?
I mean, you are speaking the unfortunate truth, but it shouldn't be that way. I gave you an upvote.
Upvoted, been awhile since I've seen that reference.
the only way you lose everything is by asking Blizz to completely delete your account, which MANY have done this week.
It does not.  I've cancelled many times over the years and always have been able to pick up where we left off.
As others have said, it won't - but depending on how long you're gone, you may need to do certain things. 

Ex, I stopped at the end of wotlk and came back for BFA, lost my talent specs, action bars and micros. That's worst case scenario tho I think because of the scale of changes I missed.
Hell no, you only lose your everything if you delete your account entirely.
Of course it does not.  Stop for years come back same spot.
why does it matter if you lose all your progress? Are you just jumping on the "hate blizzard" band wagon and is coming back later when it cools off? pathetic
^this
[removed]
No no, you're going about this all wrong. Here's what Blizzard will do in the coming week:

D.va is pansexual with her MEKA.

Sombra is actually a MTF trans.

Bastion actively identifies as nonbinary.

Winston is genderfluid.

Lucio is intersex.

If that doesn't fix the situation nothing will.
I sexually Identify as the "I sexually identify as an attack helicopter" joke. Ever since I was a child, I've dreamed of flippantly dismissing any concepts or discussions regarding gender that don't fit in with what I learned in 8th grade bio. People say to me that this joke hasn't been funny since 2014 and please at least come up with a new one, but I don't care, I'm hilarious. I'm having a plastic surgeon install Ctrl, C, and V keys on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "epic kek dank meme trannies owned with facts and logic" and respect my right to shit up social media. If you can't accept me you're a memeophobe and need to check your ability-to-critically-think privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.

Cant the right get more than 2 jokes.
\^ The LGBT bashing doesn't take long.
Oh look, it's the only joke neckbeards have
The only mention of the sexuality of the characters are on comics. Have you looked at the versions of the OW comics in China?
But in Lol the "Chinese Splasharts" had a lot of" Blackfaced" Champs "Karthus" for example had a Blackface cause they could not show his Skeleton Face.
[citation needed]
>doubt it would have gone over well either.

So what *did* happen here when the OK sign was banned and Blizzard forbade people from flashing it?
And conveniently for Blizzard... LGBT stuff in their products aren't visible in those countries. You won't see for example the "Tracer and Emily kissing" comic in China or Russia. Blizzard is only fake "woke" when it's profitable to do so. Don't ever let their two-faced hypocrisy fool you.
[removed]
I don't think i've ever seen a gay person "demand special privileges" let alone the whole movement. I've seen a lot of people start to be supportive of gay people where they previously weren't. Including my dad where 10 years ago he was against gay marriage and was mad they had a macy's day parade float, that shit happened because people were vocal about wanting to "just live their life like any other person". 

&#x200B;

I get if you're annoyed that SOME of them have demanded special previlages or not condemned inappropriate public behavior, but the whole movement isn't some mindless drone. What I don't get is you being upset about representation being demanded. That is extremely important for somebody to feel like they belong in our society.
Watch Chapelle indict the alphabet people. Much of your sentiment
> I just want to live my life like any other guy, with another man who I love. I'm not special. I don't need to demand everyone cater to my sensibilities just because I'm in a minority.

Why do you think that's even possible today in the US?
It's certainly not at every event man, generalizing doesn't work and never will.
>instead of letting it happen naturally if they just behaved like normal human beings.

This doesn't come close to accurately representing US civil rights history
Do you have sources for that Poland claim
Why are you getting your talking points from people who hate gay people tho...

Also: "As a homosexual..." and then you just go on a rant that could come out of the mouth of any homophobe trying to be sneaky about it. I'm not saying that you aren't gay, just pointing at how it has no effect on anything you say after. Like are we really going to blame gay rights activism for the hard-core right wing politics of Poland? Is there any problem not caused by foreigners or minorities according to those guys, lol?
[removed]
If they're equal, then they should be banned from promoting at official blizzard events like everything and everyone else.
I'd argue that in most of the US that is quite the "divisive" issue.  Just not for the average modern day internet user.  There are indeed many people that "at blizzard's sole discretion" would be offended by it.  It doesn't make them right, but neither does supporting any number of social issues.

My point is that any other "statement" about social policy falls into that category.  Lucky that blizzard can just pick and choose what makes them more money.
Equal rights is one thing. Running parades and other public events to showcase your private life is a different matter.

I mean, if they want to be equal in status, why organize events for one group but not the other? LGBT community has in large part dissolved into simply milking privileges instead of fighting for equal rights at this point.
Uhhh check again dude
Every political and social issue is divisive otherwise it wouldn't be an issue to begin with.
You have law and you have an individual „feel“ for justice. Sometimes they do not match. ACTIVISIONBlizzard might have been completely in the right, still, i deeply despise, no hate what they have done.
It's not divisive, tho.  The rainbow is intended to imply inclusion of everyone. That includes straight poeple.

That's not to say that some people don't use it to be divisive, but the mere fact that symbols of diversity and inclusion appear is not "divisive" unless you choose to divide yourself away from inclusion and acceptance.
[deleted]
This is not political. That's the normal life of people, and the colors are worn just like your Iron Maiden shirt during a concert or Tracer's Overwatch skin punk. There is nothing controversial about this and it is a big mistake to say otherwise.
Then doesn't this prove that they aren't  trying to milk the shit out of the Chinese overlords?
That I don’t think you can blame them for. I almost guarantee (though this is speculation) that what happened was some A-holes submitted complaints about the guild name and an algorithm changed it automatically. That’s why the name was reinstated within a day. 

I could be wrong, but that doesn’t seem like a human decision there.
I got the point loud and clear.
It is definitely you who missed it.

Supporting/Acknowledging/Allowing gay people is as bad and evil in the eyes of the OP as banning someone for speaking out against human rights abuses.

In fact, you probably didn't even miss it. You are just a homophobe who is playing dumb in order to advance your agenda.
It really feels like you are damning them for acknowledging or supporting gay rights as though it is as bad as not supporting the people of Hong Kong against human rights abuses. Definite equivalency here-- saying both are bad, if not equally bad.

I don't see how one can claim that both are being profit-motivated as I cannot imagine there is much profit in loudly supporting gay rights as that only makes up about 10% of the population and I feel like more than 10% of the population is viciously anti-LGBT-- especially in gamer circles.

So, really, it seems like the LGBT stuff is an example of them being willing to possibly lose customers and money in order to reach out to, perhaps pander to, one oppressed group in society (though they aren't anywhere near as oppressed as they were 10 or 20 and certainly not 30 years ago).

If anything, it is an indication that they either changed their values or that they are only willing to take up fights on the side that has basically already won.
One too many i guess.
Never. But awareness of this sort of shit comes from being exposed to Christians enough to see their bullshit for what it is.

All for "freedom"...
Unless it means allowing people to be gay. Or to have any sort of sex. Or to do any sort of family planning. Or ingest any sort of substance they disapprove of. Or especially be any religion other than their own denomination of Christianity.

But other than that, all for "freedom".

This comes across as the same dumb Christian rhetoric.
"We always knew they were a company of the devil! Just look at how they helped gay people! Why-- not standing up for freedom against a regime that bans gay people is just more proof!"
I don't think you know how big the Chinese market is. Bizzard is literally just banning someone for breach of contract. They had two options, support HK and lose out on the bigger gaming / mobile market in the world or ban some dude for breach of contract, the choice is obvious
He is expressing surprise people are surprised a company is only interessted in money. This shouldn't be a new concept at all. Companies arent your friend. 


&nbsp;


All the gaming subs are being overrun by people that's essentially just now realized Blizzard isnt their friend, but a soulles coporation. It shouldn't have taken this one event to open peoples eyes, people should've know this was the case since the beginning(While they had integrity in the past, that doesnt mean they were your friend). If they charge you above the cost of making something, they are in it to make money (and there is nothing wrong with that, but dont be surprised when their views are only for the sake of cashing in).
No of course you can hold them to any standard youd like I'm just trying to explain why blizzard did what it did
Which is fair to them, they were probably actually annoyed at all the other controversies Blizzard has had and this was just the straw that broke the camel's back.

It's better that they're not tied in this emotionally abusive struggle for their wallet.
Or they may want to keep their progress in hopes that Blizzard will get the point and change their stance.
Everyone jerking each other off in this sub will be back. get real.
Oh don't worry. They also have some interesting news about Roadhog and Winston.
And none of this content makes it to China.
> Bastion actively identifies as nonbinary.

This made me giggle.
Am I not even allowed to use sarcasm these days?
Yes and i worked really hard for it, i needed to use all of my 3 braincells and 2 bottles of coke so i have enough Energy for my brain.
If you want to nit pick about the difference between 'a third' and 'almost half' be my guest, but it's still a hundred million people and doesn't affect my point.
Still cant believe 4chan pulled that shit off
I'll be honest, I'm not familiar with the incident you're referring to and I don't think I was even on this sub when it happened.
The OK sign became co-opted by far right people same way as pepe was as a symbol for racism and hatred. That's not the same as MAGA, although there is overlap between the two groups.

Some political stances are good, some are bad. Fighting an oppressive regime is good, nazis are bad. This shit isn't all that hard for most people to get.
Oh no, how morally objectionable, two males being in a relationship.
Uh what stuff?
Says the guy from Kotaku in Action. Try as you might, no one believes you that you aren't homophobic.
Lol this is classic denial
It works because society tends to divide into bigger groups that believe in something similar. That's generalisation.
It was on a newsfeed i was following. I can try to find it but I can't promise anything. It was a statement they got from counter-protestors of an LGBT rights protest.
... thundercock?
[removed]
I live in SW PA near WV. Trust me, it is still a divisive issue in areas of the US.
I believe they're comparing homophobes to the Chinese government, here.  Saying, "Oh, you offended a regime that sanctions organ harvesting from living minorities," is about as ridiculous as, "Oh, you offended homophobes," or racists, or whatever.

I was initially really taken aback at the presentation here, too (WTF, being gay isn't some sort of political stance!) but I can see what they were trying to get at (I think).
You basically just said it’s not divisive for the ppl that believe it’s a symbol of unity and inclusion. Homophobia exists, you know
It's the topic itself that's divisive, not the content. You can say the same thing about the content of Hong Kong, such as: 

Supporting Hong Kong is about making the world an inclusive place where everyone has the same freedoms.
I do not support LGBTQ. That already makes it divisive.
The LGBTXYZ acronym has no "S" for "straight" in it. It's an \*exclusive\* group of everyone \*but\* the majority. Just because they use the word \*inclusion\* doesn't magically change that
[removed]
Has the olypics ever said they don't allow talk of divisive political or social discussion?
It's not a "big mistake." Being bi is part of my normal life. Enjoying basic human rights SHOULD be a part of everyone's life. Neither should be a divisive "social or political" issue, but both are.
LGBT rights has been a political topic over right to marry for a long time. Now that general public consensus is where it should be on the topic doesn't mean it isn't or wasn't political.
You're being kind of ignorant. It wasn't very long ago that homosexuals weren't even allowed to marry in most parts of the U.S. It's still a terrifying experience for many people to come out and express themselves and their sexuality. And corporate America absolutely cashes in on this style of controversy to score woke points, when you can bet your ass twenty years ago their stance would have been that the sanctity of marriage is meant to exist between a man and a woman. In principle I agree with you. Sexuality shouldn't be controversial; it shouldn't really even be a topic of discussion. But it continues to be a point of division and since it's popular to claim support for LGBTQ+ communities, that's what shitbag companies like ActiBlizz will do.
If its not political then how come you see so many politicians campaign with it? Basic rights are part the normal life of people too. I don't agree with you but you know what? You speaking your mind is your basic right and I would never try to take that from you. Unlike Blizzard.
Uuuuh, hey dipshit? When did we legalize gay marriage? 

When was the last political bid to overturn gay marriage? 

We wouldnt have living memories of these events if "gay people are normal" wasnt a divisive political issue. We are still fighting to defend gay marriage from being revoked
If it's not so controversial or political, why has Blizzard repeatedly kowtowed to homophobes on WoW? At least twice now they've forced gay guilds to change their names because it offended people having a reference to homosexuality be public, and once threatened a woman for recruiting for an LGBT-positive guild.
It proves just that when you consider their gay characters are magically not gay in China.  It's all about wokebucks, not them actually giving a shit.
No, because all mention of homosexuality, or indeed any kind of sexual or gender orientation, is censored in the Chinese (and Russian incidentally) translations of all Blizzard products.

There is ZERO homosexual representation in any Chinese version of any Blizzard game or product. Because they value milking their Chinese overlords above any social justice cause.
comment of the week
To be fair, a guild referencing straight sex in the title probably shouldn't be allowed either. It's not appropriate and quite weird.
Dude why are you so stupid ?
Holy shit dude. You are being really dumb. OP isn’t saying that supporting LBGT is wrong. It’s perfectly fine. Logically, it follows that supporting Hong Kong is also perfecting fine. Yet Blizzard says that supporting political and social causes is disallowed. We are pointing out the blatant lie Blizzard is trying to sell us.

Seriously, you really, really missed the point and are having a knee-jerk reaction against something no one here is saying.
...the OP is just pointing out the hypocrisy of Blizzard saying they want their streams to be focused on the game...
Personally, I don't get an "anti-gay" vibe from the OP.

The argument is that the stance of "their platform is not for political views" is one of convenience, pulled as a card at this moment to divert anger at them because /shrug "there's nothing we can do. The rules say no politics." When they are clearly okay with setting aside said rule for other instances of importance that need to be acknowledged and discussed. Hong Kong's fight for democracy is an important issue like LGBT rights are an important issue.

The frustration is that for some reason, Blizzard does not see those two things as something of equal importance, business motivations being as they are.
There is plenty of profit in supporting gay rights, there is a reason just about every corporation put a rainbow filter on their shit during pride monthz they don't do it just because they support support gay rights.
>It really feels like you are damning them for acknowledging or supporting gay rights 

In other words, expressing a controversial political opinion, in other words doing the thing they just got done telling us was a punishable offense.
I’m willing to wager that more than just gay people support gay rights. 

But of course I could be very wrong
You clearly do not understand the point of this post. There is nothing anti-gay about it.
You really just want to be angry about something nobody here said.
You are commenting everywhere on here parroting some stuff when you are completely missing the point.  The news story literally already covered what you are parroting everywhere, what we are saying is that the fact  that they value that money over human rights is the issue. Its the same with Nike and their sweatshops, japan and their vietnamese worker population, south korea and their bosses with their "waiting" subordinates.  Just because they produce higher profits doesnt make it okay, and thats why we will call it out and publicize it in order to eradicate it.
Yeah. We all understand why they did what they did. They’re hypocrites for it, and we’re mad that they have sold their soul for money. The people protesting this don’t give a shit where the money. We care where human decency is.
> All the gaming subs are being overrun by people that's essentially just now realized Blizzard isnt their friend, but a soulles coporation

Of course they are just now are realizing, Blizzard acted as this ''family friendly'' company for years, where people bond and make memories. Blizzard did use that as a marketing strategy for like a decade. They liked that reputation and had this cult-like following with common phrases being like ''Man, Blizzard such a good company''. They wanted the emotional attachment.

With this backlash now they will be forced to drop that facade because their image is tarnished and their PR team is gonna have to come up with new ways to market their stuff.
> He is expressing surprise people are surprised a company is only interessted in money

Who is expressing surprise?  All I see are people mentioning it.
Yeah...literally no one was confused as to why Blizzard did what it did.  No one was thinking, "Hmm, I wonder if the CEO of Blizzard was having a sad day," or "Could it possibly be an intense hatred of streamers????"  We all know it was money, because they're a company and every company is trying to make money.

People are objecting because it was possible in this situation to both make money *and* stand up for human rights, and they chucked the human rights half out the window so quickly I think they got stripped out of neighboring countries, as well.
Hahahahaha no
I know, no one really cares
Spoilers: Winston is a Wolfkin.
What content? Don't believe western lies.
This is a well-known derogatory statement used to invalidate gender identity. It's not funny, and it doesn't make a point.
**[citation needed]**
I wasn't on the sub when it happened either, it was an honest question.  You can read a lot about it here and there on the internet. Here's an example headline: 

https://dotesports.com/overwatch/news/blizzard-discourages-using-ok-gesture-owl-arena
"Oh no a bunch of trolls from /pol/ said that the OK sign is racist! Therefore we must stop using it (even thought people like Barack Obama and Neil deGrass Tyson used it in the past, but whatever I guess they're secret white supremacists) alongside other racist symbols like milk and *Clowns* !" 

You do realise that this kind of thinking is the primary reason why /pol/ has so much power right?
>The OK sign became co-opted by far right people same way as pepe was as a symbol for racism and hatred.

Neither of these happened, it's fascist to tell people to not use Pepe or OK.
Another reason (that doesn't hinge at all on knowing that the drag show thing is happening and is a widespread phenomenon -- a fact that I realize some people will dispute) that is harder to dispute: all of the abrahamic religions, Christianity, Judaism, and Islam, teach that homosexuality is a sin. People who belong to those religions and accept their teachings are not necessarily homophobic. Reasonable people can disagree about what is or isn't morally acceptable, that's a natural consequence of living in a diverse society that is tolerant of a wide range of viewpoints and that protects religious freedom.
I can think of many issues, one that comes to mind which I think almost everyone agrees on are drag shows for young children in public libraries.
These fuckers are so obvious with their canned talking points.
Ad Hominem.  Your argument that he comes from a place doesn't mean that the argument is invalid.  Attack the argument not the person.
believe whatever you want, normal people aren't okay with things like drag shows for kids at the public library
Are you saying you [hate women](https://imgur.com/a/Wq7wE)?
Even if that was enough to make a substantiated claim about this supposed rise of homophobia in Poland, a denial of basic human rights on the basis that you don't like the form of protest is not a legitimate argument and shouldn't be framed as if it's a good point.
The symbol is universally inclusive.  If someone doesn't want to be included, it's not the rainbow that's excluding them.  It's their own attitude.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Case in point: Tracer and Soldier:76 are canonically homosexual, but not in China. All mention of their sexuality is scrubbed in Chinese versions, and the comics depicting these relationships are not viewable in China.
Mentions of characters' gender isn't censored in Russia, this is actually on Blizzard itself.
It's an far left tactic to claim that their political opinions aren't really political opinions. That's what he's doing.  By even acknowledging that controversy exists around LGBT issues, you are anti-LGBT as far as he's concerned. It's just another way to keep people from thinking/talking.
It'd look a lot better if they pointed out multiple types of hypocrisy instead of just pointing it out when dealing with LGBT issues.
And you have just spelled out the trap.

You are saying that allowing/accepting gay people is inherently a political statement. One equivalent of not standing against the oppression of the people of Hong Kong.

And thus you are saying that the opposite, attacking/banning gay people, is a perfectly valid and just political policy to have that would be the equivalent of standing up for the people of Hong Kong.

That's the insidious part of the OP's statement. It turns allowing gay people into an inherently "political" statement rather than just accepting the reality that roughly 10% of people are born with more inclination to be attracted to the same sex than the opposite one.
Nothing anti-gay about claiming welcoming gay people is the moral equivalent of banning someone for speaking out against Hong Kong?

About saying that both are evil political statements and to be morally consistent, neither should be done?
Thats kinda my point, no company should ever recieve that amount of trust, and you should always be sceptical. I am well aware why this is happening, its the same with the Fallout 76 defenders for Bethesda etc. People get too invested in the company/brand names. 


&nbsp;


Blizzard didnt create Diablo 2, David Brevik, Erich Schaefer, Max Schaefer, Rick Seis, Phil Shenk, Kurt Beaver, Stieg Hedlund, Matthew Householder, Phil Shenk and Robert Vieira did. Most (if not all) which do not work at Blizzard anymore, and didnt work on Diablo 3.


&nbsp;


Ideally people should stop idolizing company logos, and instead invest into who made the game they enjoy. It's no surprise to most of us that Blizzard is the way it is, and that Diablo 3 is what it is/was, the creators of the franchise went to make hellgate: London and Torchlight.
No.. it wasn't possible.. it was either support HK and lose probably the biggest marker in Mobile gaming or ban some dude for breach of contract (witch he did, he breached contract). The choice is very obvious if you want to make money.
I'm not saying it's likely but that doesn't stop people from hoping it will happen.
I think it's funny because bastion is a robot.
You guys are playing your hand a little too soon with all of the thought/language control. You're going to end up turning the world against you. We're already seeing it happen.
[removed]
You don't have an internet connection? Jesus. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_opinion_of_same-sex_marriage_in_the_United_States

When did "I'm too lazy to look something up" become some killer argument?
I think I actually watched the thread where they said they were going to fake that the ok hand is a hate symbol. I really wasnt too surprised when these brainlets lapped it up.
>  all of the abrahamic religions, Christianity, Judaism, and Islam, teach that homosexuality is a sin. People who belong to those religions and accept their teachings are not necessarily homophobic. Reasonable people can disagree about what is or isn't morally acceptable, that's a natural consequence of living in a diverse society that is tolerant of a wide range of viewpoints and that protects religious freedom.

This one doesn't hold for me. [I'm not convinced the supreme holy texts of those religions categorically condemn homosexuality.](https://www.hrc.org/resources/what-does-the-bible-say-about-homosexuality)

Hiding behind religion to promote bigotry isn't a valid excuse.
That's honestly something I didn't know about. I'll look into it. I'd agree, that's not appropriate for children in a library setting.
Ad hominem does not apply to arguments over identity specifically because person is the argument. If he's active in places well known for their homophobia then it's likely his argument is not at all in good faith and if we cannot trust him to argue in good faith then what good is his argument?
Believing that stuff like that is supported by the LGBT+ movement (it isn't,  we find it just as weird as you do) and that it's a bigger problem then people's human rights is precisely what makes you homophobic.
Imagine doing this for every single large political movement, there is literally none that can pass this purity test of yours, makes it pretty shit test.
Holy shit, here you bellend

https://m.dw.com/en/homophobia-in-poland-still-deeply-entrenched/a-49720087

https://duckduckgo.com/?q=homophobia+in+poland&t=fpas&ia=about
Its a political message... 

It's divisive...

It's both.  You can argue, but even the fact that you are having an argument shows that there is division on the subject.
Saying not to be racist to muslim populations and that china should be inclusive to all of its ethnic groups is inclusive. Wanna bet that would get banned too?
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
I didn't downvote you
You are missing the point.  It's not 1968 and you also didnt mention another instance in which the olympics was used as a platform but the people werent banned for breaking the rules to contrast with them being banned.  The point of the post is that Blizzard will only use politics if it makes them money and ban it if not, that is not an example of such a think unless you have an example of the olympics profiting off politics by actively pushing it.
I was about to go to bed, but one more thing about your post popped into my head that I think needs to be addressed before I can sleep.

You seem to be focusing on the fact that people are just born gay as the topic point. 

That's not what I was talking about. The topic point is "Do LGBT deserve rights?" And the answer is simple: "Yes, they do."

LGBT people are human beings and deserve the same basic human rights and dignity as any other human being. That phrase can be extrapolated to any number of people: Jewish, Black, Gay, Asian, Muslim, Uyghurs, the people of Hong Kong.. All of them are human beings deserving of the same freedoms, dignity, and inalienable rights as any other human being. 

And that is why the subjects are of equal importance. And why Blizzard treating them differently in such an obvious manner is frustrating. Okay, now that is out of my head, have a good night!
I disagree. Just because there is a counterpoint to something does not mean it has validity.

Facism, Authoritarianism, Nazism.. are all matters of politics. But *none* of them are acceptable or valid, in my opinion, and I would challenge them the same as one would challenge the attacking and banning of the LGBT communtiy.
>You are saying that allowing/accepting gay people is inherently a political statement.

Of course it is if Blizzard is a 'global company' because gay people are not accepted in plenty of the places they want to operate and it would take a great deal of political action to change that. 

Just because something isn't controversial *in your neighborhood* doesn't mean it isn't controversial. 

>And thus you are saying that the opposite, attacking/banning gay people, is a perfectly valid and just political policy to have that would be the equivalent of standing up for the people of Hong Kong.

Acknowledging something is a political position means acknowledging it is perfectly valid?  I'm sorry but you're totally making that up.
There is nothing wrong with supporting a company, that is how they get big and how you meet new people through their games.  Without passion, sometimes you cannot really immerse yourself and enjoy the products a company puts out.  And thats okay, but it also means that an interruption to that dream (such as Blizzard's antics) will lead to extreme backlash.  

Some people like to have control and be on guard all the time, ever a skeptic, but some of us dare to dream and be idealistic. Call us naive, but after a long day at work we just want to unwind and spend time with our friends, and the great products these companies put out help us do so, so we entrust our money to them and hope they use it to support their own families and pass times.  

It is important that wrongdoing by companies be called out so that we can decide whether or not we want to support their behavior.  The more attention to wrongdoing, the better, so that everyone can make their own informed decisions.
They could *easily* have given a slap on the wrist to technically stay in line with China's wishes (the way they have for every other violation of their "offensive" rule), and they didn't.  There are always options to work within restrictions, and they didn't even give it a token shot.  Acting like their hands were tied and poor Blizzard was just trying to do its duty as a company is really misrepresenting the situation.
Nah he just wants to feel good about himself and jump on the band wahon. Shit like what he does just proves that blizzard did was the moniterily sound choice, even if blizzard does something reprehensible their players won't care. I even saw a dude earlier fake "burning" his blizzard collection except he was just flipping his games the bird...
You feeling that too the ratings are getting shill in here. might need a jacket.
Careful, you're using rational thought! Better have a license for that, mate. Might want to subscribe to the newspeak before you lose social credit points.
What argument did I make? You're the one making points and needing to apparently backtrack a fair bit.

(also 22% is closer to 1/4, not 1/3 or 1/2 - \#math)
To be honest, I didn't either. It's really upsetting. It's been happening for years; some of the shows seem less objectionable than others. Some are completely out of line.

https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/drag-queen-teaches-kids-to-twerk-at-library-story-hour

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/19/style/drag-queen-story-hour-puts-the-rainbow-in-reading.html

https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2019/10/05/drag-queen-reading-to-young-children-tours-in-adult-gender-fluids-show/
> If he's active in places well known for their homophobia then it's likely his argument is not at all in good faith and if we cannot trust him to argue in good faith then what good is his argument?

Oh... so like... the same logic that people assume all black people are robbers because there is you know... like this overall knowledge about how black people are thieves.  Like an outsider of the attacked group would know anything about the people in said attacked group?

Like that?

That's basically the same logic you want to apply here.  

Neither statement that you made about the community he comes from, or the racist statement I conjured show that there is a truth about it.
i'm not homophobic and sadly the drag shows are a product of the lgbt movement; that's why they exist. i recognize that not all gay people will support them, that's why i distinguished between the "lgbt pride movement" and gay people. not at all the same thing. gay people are just people. the lgbt pride movement is a transgressive social movement.
[removed]
*based on an EXTREMELY limited samples behavior.
Okay, but how is standing up for one group and not another in any way hypocritical?

The simple reality is that such is just the way humans have always worked.

People around the world condemned the Nazis for killing the Jews.

But the Japanese did just as bad to the Chinese and those who were at the top of command mostly spend less than 10 years in prison before resuming their positions at the top of the government or in business.

Meanwhile the people in Britain continued to treat the Romani like crap despite the fact that the Germans also put them in the camps along with the Jews, the same people who freed the Jews from concentration camps stood against the civil rights movement in America and were part of maintaining apartheid in South Africa.

Unfortunately, we humans are always going to be in the position of "I will take up this fight, but I don't have the time or energy for this other fight."

And these are generally often only fights because the people on the other side think they are fixing some other sort of unfairness or injustice that might not be readily apparent.
I mean, how severe the punishment should be is up to debate I guess but my point still stands. blizzard acted pretty neutral, they banned a player for using their platform to spread a political belief something with goes against a contract they signed.
If their players didn't care not only would someone not even bother to actually stop playing the game instead of just claiming they had,  but blizzard wouldn't be going into damage control mode right now.
found the nitpicker that doesnt even research common information himself.  do you ask people for citation when they say that Trump won the election by a landslide? you can google that stuff easily, citations are for information that is hard to find, if we cited every damn thing that would be just annoying.  here let me cite my sources for why drinking water is good for you- just kidding google it youself that shit aint hard to find.
The fact that several of the "queens" have been revealed to be convicted sex offenders honestly doesn't bother some people, because "promoting inclusiveness" is so much more important.

https://i.imgur.com/WHxovyu.jpg
Are you linking an article with tag "LGBT indoctrination" and Breitbart and expecting anyone to take you seriously?
Not to mention [that one in Houston which allowed a drag queen despite his conviction for child sex offences... twice](https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/second-drag-queen-story-hour-library-reader-exposed-as-convicted-child-sex-offender)
This comparison is completely asinine. The assumption that a black person is a thief because all black people are thieves is based on an uncontrollable characteristic. Regularly contributing to certain subreddits is entirely at an individual's  discretion.

Following in your race example, your comparison leads to "This person is racist because he's white" being equally as objectionable as "This person is racist because he's openly a member of the KKK".
This is obviously absurd. A person is not racist because of their skin color, but it's a perfectly logical assumption that someone who affiliates with a racist group is,  in fact,  racist.
This is less like assuming someone's a thief because of their race, and more like assuming they're a thief because they spend a lot of time in the shoplifting subreddit.
If you'd rather people lose their rights then a few kids play drag dress up then yes you're a homophobe.
Drag has been going on for well over a century in the US let alone worldwide, if you think it's a product of the lgbt movement you are severely underinformed
You're really good at saying words even though they don't really mean anything for your argument.

LGBTQ+ has *always* been a political discussion as much as Hong Kong is no matter what you think, it's a fact. Now that it's almost unanimously accepted, it doesn't *seem* political because it's not a political topic anymore.

The point is that Blizzard is saying LGBTQ+ is okay, but HK is not, even though they are both political.

You're giving off a very "I'm LGBTQ and I'm offended that it's being brought up as political."
It’s hypocritical because of their statements on advocating for political and social views using Blizzards platform. LGBT people deserving rights is unfortunately not a universally held opinion, far from it, and thus a divisive issue. The same goes for the people of Hong Kong. Whether or not they deserve equal attention is not the point. The point is that Blizzard is all about money and unapologetically so. They appeal to supporters of gay rights in progressive countries by using their platform to advocate for a social cause (while that cause is censored by other authoritarian, anti lgbt governments, so blizzard only really gains money and good pr) and then suspend and severely penalize someone for advocating a social and political cause with blizzards platform to appease a HUGE market in China. They’re blatantly hypocrites who only pay attention to their own policy when it makes them money. Nobody’s trying to devalue the importance of gay rights or saying that blizzard or any big company should t suppprt them. OP and most commenters are simply revealing just how hypocritical Blizzard is.
And you have spelled out yet another trap in counter to your statement.  If LBGT movement isnt a political statement, why is it being lobbied as such and often a talking point in presidential debates?  Being gay or lesbian isnt inherently political, but once you start parading it to "send a message" it is political.
I mean... Reducing the ban by 6 months is 'damage control' mode? The porblem here is not what happened to blizchung but how blizzard is bending to china, something they still are doing
> blizzard wouldn't be going into damage control mode right now.

What steps have we seen of damage control mode?  They haven't even acknowledged something happened besides the first bullshit "Yeah, we did the right thing" post.

Oh, and one apology to China swearing they'll defend their dignity at all cost.  That hardly sounds like damage control mode to me.
No, it's that **type** of player that doesn't care. If you are going to boycott a company do it right. Don't expect to return.

I understand losing game progress is frustrating, but you're boycotting. The whole point is that you ditch it. Deleting your progress is **more** of a point because players will feel no ties left with the game and are more likely to move onto a different one. That's a threat to Blizzard.

Being scared that you will lose your progress is exactly what Blizzard wants. That's the problem. When people talk about "slacktivist" this is who they're criticising. You have to come to terms with the fact if you don't want to play Blizzard games anymore, you have to do it right.
> citations are for information that is hard to find

*Narrator: This is not what citations are used for.*

Begone thot.
Breitbart putting their own spin on it doesn't mean they're innacurately reporting the basic facts of the case.
I expect honest and fair-minded people to take me seriously. I included that Breitbart link as bait for dishonest people like you who aren't interested in discussing the actual substance of my position (or of the articles themselves). I don't expect people who are unreasonable to take me seriously but I also don't care if they do or don't.
ugh
> This comparison is completely asinine. The assumption that a black person is a thief because all black people are thieves is based on an uncontrollable characteristic. Regularly contributing to certain subreddits is entirely at an individual's discretion.

Its not asinine.  You want to defame this person because they come from X... 

I go to plenty of subreddits and just go there to argue.  It doesn't mean I support the purpose or the things in that thread.  

You have yet to prove that the subreddit is racist.
"We think that stuff is just as weird as you do but seriously it's not big deal just some kids playing dress up". 

Jesus Christ you couldn't fake it for five minutes.
i have no problem being a homophobe in your eyes
Precisely. That's why no one is satisfied with their half-assed measures. Hell it's more like quarter-assed really.
They shortened the player's ban to 6 months and restored his prize money to appease those who are boycotting them and then published an apology to China in Chinese saying something to the exact opposite effect. That's textbook damage control; try to shake off the heat without actually having to make any major changes.
Citation needed.
Shut up, bigot, you can't stop Progress™
I never claimed the subreddit was racist,  and more importantly you refused to address my main point in that your comparison is untrue.
Just because it's weird doesn't make it a big deal. I think it's pretty weird that there are people who eat bull testicles but you don't see me talking about how they don't deserve rights.
[removed]
Yeah so we can both agree that this is not damage control it's just them doing basic PR, I've already seen posts like 'can we go back to normal now' on the HS subreddit... It's already blowing over for them
Oh, I see what you're saying.  I hadn't seen the (utterly laughable) letter that came out today, but it does qualify.  Thanks for pointing it out.
No I did.  I said it is not asinine.  I am stating that you are only allowing for a few parameters for how that operates.  

>Regularly contributing to certain subreddits is entirely at an individual's discretion.

And I responded that they may go there regularly to argue.  

I very specifically put down your argument.  It's valid because the person comes from X, and therefore you want to judge them without looking at the individual and why.

Also - you still have to prove that the reddit he is from is homophobe, and I did do that.  So if you want to argue about how I'm not responding to you, when I very clearly am... I'm still waiting for that answer.  I did mispeak and replaced racist with homophobe.  Still - it's not like you couldn't have drawn the line there.  But sure... a mistake was made.

You said... 

>Says the guy from Kotaku in Action. Try as you might, no one believes you that you aren't homophobic.

You are very clearly trying to equate being from Kotaku in Action with being homophobic.
ok
Basic PR would have been to have known this was a terrible move in the first place. They've only changed their stance (if only slightly) to try to get people to move on, something also known as damage control. Furthermore of course there are posts like that. Some people didn't care in the first place so they'd want to move on as soon as possible. Most people though aren't ready for it to blow over yet though.
I'm not saying their damage control is good because frankly they're horrendous at it and always have been (don't you have phones?). They're trying though, so all of this is accomplishing something.
The thing is this was not a terrible move for blizzard, they have only lost a small small fraction of what they would have lost if they got cut from china. This was the optimal move for them in this situation, especially since it's blowing over already
Oh yeah, that was an awful attempt, but at least it was an attempt.  Honestly, the longer they were going with just "Say nothing" as a strategy, the angrier I was getting.

Glad they realized they had to say something, even if they tried to toss their dumpster fire "apology" at the end of a Friday to hide the damage.
It's hardly "blowing over" because there's some guy on a single subreddit who wants it to be over.  This entire sub is filled with nothing but vitriol towards blizzard to the point where I can't even browse it for long and stay in a healthy mental state. Whether or not this was the right move for blizzard financially doesn't matter. If the only way they'll do what's right is if there's enough money in it for them then they might as well be on China's side anyway.
That's literally ever publicly traded company ever... That's how capitalism works
So let's hope people will realize that Blizzard isn't the root of the problem and we can finally be rid of the system that encourages them to act this way.
Also if you go look at blizzard stock it has yet to fall in any big way, if they would have been banned from china it would instantly start tanking
Which proves my point. Blizzard is just a symptom of a corrupt system that exists for the sole reason of extorting as much as possible out of as many as possible. If the outrage ends at Blizzard, people are begging for this to happen again.
People are not looking at the root cause of the issue. It's gonna happen again and again china is close to being the most powerful country in the world, thy already have control over a lot of American manufacturing. For example apple pisses off china, next thing that happens is apple losing their entire manufacturing chain over night nothing no one can do. China ha unbelievable power
Apple in particular is a bad example for this, they are already moving some production out of China and have said (you can believe them or not) that while a pain in the ass they have the capacity to move all production of US iphones out of China.