Can somebody edit it to “money” and “human rights”
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
r/agedlikewine

r/agedlikemilk

Edit: I cant make up my mind on which fits better, so it gets both
The diablo thing was just being tone-deaf. This situation is in a completely different league.
Fk u blizzard I would never download anything from u mum fker
[removed]
Well Blizzard, Between this and how you treated the StarCraft Devs back in the day... I am probably never going to buy another game from you.
r/agedlikewine
r/boycottblizzard
Like fine wine
Don't you guys have free speech? Ah um, I mean phone?
Activision really. Bobby Kotick has been the master of the company for a while and the company should have been boycotted immediately upon acquisition. The fact people only are doing it now just goes to show they don't care about very much but at least finally something woke people up.

We should demand his resignation and demand he be replaced with a Blizzard CEO from the pre acquisition era.
I was on the Diablo immortal side of this argument. Its perfect for mobile controls, I was looking forward to playing it on the toilet or wherever I was. But I will not support tencent now. 

Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our age!
stupid, china was on one child policy for a long time and is aging in population
I remember the first time i played Diablo. It was in a semi-detached house I rented with three other students. The house was built very shoddily just after WWII when there was a lack of housing. The area was bombed in 1944, when the allies tried to damage the submarine bunker Bruno. I didn't have a computer capable of running Diablo, but two of my flatmates had. One saturday in the autumn of 1997 they arranged a LAN-party with some friends to play strategy games, but during the night one of the friends wanted to play another game: Diablo. When the friends left and my flatmates went to bed in the early hours they let me use the computers. So there I was, sitting alone in the living room of a badly insulated old house with a sligth wind blowing and the branches of the trees outside occasionally brushing against the windows, playing a rather spooky computer game. It's a memory I'll never forget.
Jokes on Blizz, already boycotted, despite classic wow.
Just like a fine wine
r/agedlikemilk
"Human Rights Fanbase" does have a nice ring to it
[Here you go](https://i.imgur.com/wmRmXS2.png)
#Hijacking your comment to say: If you or anyone you know plans on deleting their account, don't just delete your account! You can request your Data from Blizzard and if they dont follow trhough within 30 days they have to pay hefty fines inside the EU. If everyone does this, they might have such an enormous backlog and will have to pay up. More details here: https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfcncg/dont_just_delete_your_account_you_can_request/
I mean, those are synonymous with a command economy. For markets to do their bidding or they force their entire market to stop consuming. That includes forcing their whole nation to not vacation somewhere to lower tourism income.

China's communism is so deep even Americans do not think they are communist.
There is no war in ba sing se
"This month"...
aged like wine means it stood the test of time

aged like milk means it did not stand the test of time
I mean it makes a lot more sense now that they're making mobile games instead of real games in light of this China deal.
You can say "fuck" on the internet.
Magic the gathering maybe?
"Probably."

Smart!
Human rights enthusiasts

Human rights fandom

Human rights geeks

Human rights side of Tumblr

The possibilities are endless!
Sorry to ask you to edit it, but could you add the yellow stars for the China flag to the girls red shirt? If that will work
> You can request your Data from Blizzard and if they dont follow trhough within 30 days they have to pay hefty fines inside the EU

Only if you're an EU resident... which I am not.
Arguing whether communism is defined by marxist political theory or by the people calling their countries communist is a fruitless excercise. China has nothing to do with what many communists fought and fight for as long as the means of production are privately owned and wage labour/classes exist, but at the same time you can argue the usage of the word has broadened or changed its definition.
Some of us do think they are communist's still, but that only gets met with a litany of excuses/arguments about how they are more capitalist then communist these days.
Please follow your guide Joo Dee to your rooms.
I mean it’s not like any sane person could go a whole month without praising China! So why would they increase the safe period?
> aged like milk means it did not stand the test of time

Why do you hate cheese?
Yep! Their PC version MtG: Arena is now out of beta so it's perfect
[I know I’m 13 hours late but here you go](https://imgur.com/a/uihFpSv)
At work so can't edit it, sorry.
Well Communism never meant Marxism. If it did, then there would be no central government after the first few years and turn completely into a state bound confederacy. The USSR within the first year found out why you cannot take away private land ownership. Food production was almost cut in half after removing private farms. Lenin allowed private land ownership and private factory production after finding this out. China is smart, they are following 100 years of tested Marxists theory. And they know that removing land ownership lowers production. That's why they have a large upper class, who owns the production, and then an even larger slave population, who works within the privately owned land/business. Just like the USSR had. An insane amount of billionaires enjoying the fruits of capitalism. 

Communism does not mean Marxism. Look at it this way, who is the best Marxist candidate? Would it be a globalist fighting for a universal government in the UN? Or would it be someone who fights for their communities workers? It would be Trump. A true Marxist candidate would look like Trump.  Because he is fighting for his state bound nation within the world confederacy. A true Marxist, who has read his work, would understand why Marx used the word community and why he never intended to create a one world government. Marx never wanted global domination, he wanted thousands of communities to compete with eachother without going to war.

Communists a long time ago threw away most of what Marx was talking about. Russia was never following Marx. They used his name for complete global control. Marx never was a globalist. China and the USSR are globalists. The dictator of the proletariat is supposed to have a term limit. The workers of the world are supposed to unite and then end up competing with each other. That's a true Marxist.
If it sucks and oppresses people, there's a solid 40% of the country that will never admit it's communism no matter what the signs are.
Actually fun fact I think most cheeses without rennet aren't typically aged, I could be wrong
Brilliant!
Of course you got downvoted for that...
Marxism is most definitely not based upon competition- the whole idea is based off of cooperation instead of the competition present within capitalism. Marxism is supposed to bring unity and solidarity, not purposely sew division.
They have billionaires that own private property. By definition, they aren't communist. They are fascist. Tyrants tend not to care about ideology, only about what keeps them in power, whatever the cost. Authoritarianism sucks whatever form it takes.
> If it sucks and oppresses people, there's a solid ~~40%~~ 95% of the country that will never admit it's ~~communism~~ capitalism no matter what the signs are.
He specifically made the comparison of London and New York sharing similar clothing. Those markets should be completely different from one another. Meaning, there is still division and boundaries between communities. He was never talking about everyone getting along within the same community.
The USSR had billionaires with private property. You should do some more research into the USSR. Lenin gave farm land and factory ownership to people, because he found that communal land is not as well maintained and profitable as privately owned land. The USSR has a deep history of privately owned farms and factories, even after Stalin. What, you think the biggest McDonalds in the world would be built in a capitalist country? No. It was privately financed in the heart of a communist nation.

The idea that China is not communist because they have privately owned land and privately owned production completely ignores the billions in trade we had with the USSR. There were immense billionaires in the USSR too. A huge example of communism occuring is a large upper class, and an even larger lower class, with the middle class being the smallest. 

It is wrong to assume the USSR had no private wealth generation or privately owned land. Lenin found that our within year 1. Not trying to be a dick, but you're not historically accurate here with you're description of communism. It doesn't mean the government controls everything. Lenin found that out the hard way. Through a food shortage. China is not fascist, they are a text book example of command economy USSR communism. With rich land owners and a slave like lower population that always has to listen to the state.
Communism under Marxist political theory literally requires the abolition of private property- Marx argued it was necessary in order to have a truly equal society. When the USSR stopped COMMUNal ownership, they ceased to be COMMUNist
Marx never wanted equality in the scenes of every community being the same. He was never a globalist. He still believed in the free market. Authoritarian fascists used his name to create something different from what he was writing about. Communities. Once those governments strived for global domination and their leaders of the proletariat denied stepping down, that is when they stopped being a true Marxist government.

No communist nation has ever dissolved private property.