imagine if china bans Overwatch because Mei became HK freedom symbol
This is how we win. We need to make blizzard characters the face of anti China. They will ban the games there and then blizzard will have to suck its own dick.
ngl from her ideals and views, she would fight for it.
Does anyone know the biggest Chinese forums?  We all need to register and start posting this.
"The world is worth fighting for!"
Except reddit will forget in a week
we can put the high quality porn models too use for freedom
[removed]
I love this, great work.
This is so troll, I love it
Shit your right
Make this happen!
get #MeiWithHongKong trending on twitter
Not just hongkong guys all of China
Guys you re amazing. We hongkongers thank you a lot !
We really need "police shot my eye" skin no her now
That's right people should make fan art or something
Post this to /r/Sino
She clearly needs the eyepatch as well.
“The official currency for Overwatch ingame purchases will now be renminbi”
Or Chen...
THIS IS GENIUS!.meme
The world could always use more heroes
“The world needs heroes”
Guild Wars 2 or Star Wars The Old Republic as a replacement to WoW
Beautiful.
I support Hong Kong and Mei.
It would not be a shame! Keep em coming bois. We have em cornered and China has their hand up blizzards ass. They will cave eventually.
Fight for freedom! Stand $with HK!
Do this for every Blizz game then they can basically pack their stuff from Beijing.
Didn't her voice actress actively support China?
Omg yes. Everyone, ready your up votes!
Lok'tar Hong Kong
If you guys could settle on one costume / image / message.
Ironic that a few years back they added the Chinese new year event to include other cultures and then stabs them in the back .
Hey this is cool and all, but we should choose another character for this, since the voice actor is currently living in china, she could face repercussions for this.  


Our actions could cause her death, so I think it's a better idea to use a character whose voice actor is not residing in China.
If this works, why stop with Mei?  Make all fictional Chinese fictional characters supporters of Hong Kong.  Fanfics support Hong Kong.
This will assfuck blizzard
I hate the lack of hand detail
[deleted]
Have you guys ever thought about that this sucks for the people in China just as much as it does for Blizzard? 
If they would really ban Overwatch that just means that millions of players in China lose one of that favorite games... but yeah... Blizzard bad!
Let's make it happ'n, Cap'n?
[deleted]
I sure hope 

Mel Hong Kong Freedom Democracy

 doesnt get repeated too much or

Mel Hong Kong Freedom Democracy

might get into googles algorithms and everytime you google overwatch you might get 

Mel Hong Kong Freedom Democracy.
https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfdqf8/if_we_are_gonna_do_it_we_are_gonna_do_it_big_mei/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Great Mei freedom fan based video (they are quick). 

https://v.redd.it/vml5t85dxgr31

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_XJxqnxzaY&feature=youtu.be
We'll need help from /b/ and/or /poll/ to fully do it. They're no one's personal army, but man can they change the world if they put their mind to it...
That's the whole point I think
Next week Blizzard releases Mei skin with Chinese flag
They will.
DEW IT
Lets save Blizzard from Frostmourne - China.
Let's organize this for real.
or they will go along with it and say "see? we're the good guys, we stopped selling OW in china!"
They'll just spin it to make themselves look like the good guys
This is a great idea!
Someone needs to create a mod that replaces the announcer with Liberty Prime.
This an ploy to get them to suck themselves just so we can watch and learn how to do it ourselves? Pretty hard trick
"How we win" how about you go out, representing your own company, and start announcing how your own company supports HK and see if you get to keep your job. Chances are if your company does business with China you won't. But if you're not willing to do it then you're making a statement to the world that money is more important to you than a free HK.
Ah yes, the 4chan strategy. You redditors and Chinese are so very original.
Sina Weibo, maybe?
Without a Chinese phone number, you cannot post anything to any Chinese forums.
I am an american citizen born in Hong Kong and I choke up with tears every time I see these posts. Thank you.
r/HongKong has already ran with this idea
...damn our A.D.D.!!
Like how everyone forgot about raiding Area 5... oh wait
Reddit wont forget. As long as the protests are happening, we will be constantly reminded of this.
Forgot about that half of reddit is owned by china?
Don't spam your referral link on the back of this issue.
Credit to @Kaipo_Rozwolf on twitter
What is on my right?
So what? You can be Chinese but be anti-china. There is no legitimate reason that someone would support totalitarianism government without brain or have brainwash. Mei is anti-china and her voice line approves it
I would hope that the ban pushes those people ever closer to rebelling against their ever worsening authoritative government.
Imagine comparing not being able to play a video game to what the Chinese government is doing to people
And just as the OWWC is going to start soon....
Check out r/hongkong
Imagine that. Blizz shat on everyone else in favor of China, then eveyone else makes China leave them too.
You mean Mel and Blizzard Freedom Hong Kong Democracy could end up in Google if repeated to often?   


Oh my, so we must be careful to not say to often Mel Hong Kong Freedom Democracy, it would be a real shame if Mel Hong Kong Freedom Democracy would bring search terms to the top if any of the  Mel Hong Kong Freedom Democracy words are in it.
Who do you think came up with this idea?
There’s already tons of great Mei art on r/HongKong. Check it out and [spread those memes!](https://i.imgur.com/4iK5WdD.jpg)
Damage is done
They can't though. The moment they take ownership of Mei as a pro Hong Kong character, guess who will be knocking on Blizzard's door?
Hi 五毛党, 0.01 yuan have been deposited into your account for this post
🤡🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🤡
and Baidu Tieba

weibo = twitter

tieba = reddit
[deleted]
Shouldn't be too difficult to get.
Yes because that was a meme people could relate too. Mei is just free publicity for blizzard and to the unknown person, they'll think that mei and blizzard are supporters of HK. It's really in r/HongKong 's best interest to not use her as a symbol tbh
Just like Flint Michigan water crisis.

Oh wait... That's still an issue.
I wish that was true, but in reality when someone makes a post in Blizzard in a few weeks the threads will be most likely filled with comments in a vein of "hurr durr Blizzard bad, Geraldo good".
It really isn’t though
And how would it help the people if Blizzard would stand up for Hong Kong? Blizzard isn‘t relevant enough that China would care about them in any way. They would just remove their games from their country and move on.
OMG, times limited! Must make viral, ASAP!
*Show loyalty to totalitarian China over your fans and community*

*China turns its back on you because it never gave a shit about you and no amount of loyalty you show to it will matter* 

*all alone*
You severely overestimate the attention span of the average person on the internet.

A large margin of the people playing Blizzard games just casually won't even notice this.
Weibo literally means microblog. It's basically Twitter.

Sina is the name of a corporation. Means something like "New Wave"
Nah. It's hard to get. China phone numbers are registered with your true identity. 

You have underestimated the censorship in our great great China.
>they'll think that mei and blizzard are supporters of HK

Isnt that the end goal for this? Making Blizzard seem to be a deadset HK supporter would fuck their relations with China, their biggest market. (and seemingly the only one they care about)
>Yes because that was a meme people could relate too

People could relate to raiding a government facility? From what universe are you?
Did you actually know the US courts are putting a demand to Facebook to give government agencies backdoor access to the encrypted messages of 1.5 *billion* people, effectively violating Article 8 of the EU Charter of Human Rights, but some EU citizens might be hit with this?

No?

Do you want to find out if this story was made up...?
Oh...ok
It would cost China money if Blizzard stood up to them. If China is losing enough money they would hopefully change.
“Our world is worth fighting for”
ANd who's gonna stop us?
I agree. But you have a terrible mentality. You shouldn’t just say “nothing we can do. Oh well” might as well try dude
[deleted]
Not really, because it's not blizzard allowing this. Blizzard wins both ways
But China isn't their biggest market. China accounts for around 12% of their total revenue as of the last quarterly report (as far as I am aware).

What this *might* do is that the people who don't know a single thing about this issue will see that Mei was made into a symbol for HK democracy. And then a year down the line people will remember the association "Mei = Freedom for HK" without *any* of the context of what happened to make it that way.

Give HK the support it needs, but I am not sure this has the intended effect...
By relate I mean that all their friends knew about it and it wasnt a forced meme. The beauty about memes is that they come naturally. The forced ones die out the quickest
Facebook also changed their policy around misinformation in ads for Trump's reelection campaign
Blizzard just isn’t big enough of a company for China to care. Big company’s like car company’s just earn way more money and would be big enough for China to care.
Stop you from doing what? Posting Mei?

Nobody! Go nuts!

But I just want to call some attention to something:

In another post having 10k+ upvotes, they used a very specific flag as the background. According to one poster in said post, the flag used is the flag imposed on Hong Kong by the CPC/Chinese government.

So by posting that image and making that Mei image go viral, you might help strengthen the CPC's position *by accident*. Chinese people might see that flag and the high upvotes and believe that there's actually good support for it.

Which is why I keep saying that you should be properly informed before you attempt to *literally* flood a foreign media with propaganda material. 

Nobody is stopping you. Go nuts.
I didn't say don't do anything. I never even *alluded* to that anyhwere in my post.

If you want to do something, go to the Hong Kong subreddit and find a resource to help.
Well it was terrible
it doesnt matter if blizzard is allowing it or not if when people search for or engage with overwatch this kind of imagery is there?

the CCP isn't going to go 'well blizzard didnt actually make that so its fine', if memes supporting HK are what comes along with OW they'd rather get rid of blizzard than accept OW with the memes. Thats why blizzard acted so quickly to shutdown blitzchung, they know the CCP would kick them out before tolerating a statement like that.
Yes because Winnie the Poo airs daily in China. After all, Disney didn't make Winnie the Poo into  a meme about Xi so China really doesn't mind and ignores Winnie the Poo appearances in the media. 

&#x200B;

Right?
They banned winnie the poo because people said it looked lik Xi. The creator didn't allow this, but it doesn't matter for China...
Thanks for the correction. I dont know a ton about how blizzard operates, just got pulled in cause it blew up r/all. I figured eith how massive China is that it would be bigger than 12%.
Nobody should ever do anything then
Except china has shown it doesnt care about reddit, the small minority.
Disney has a *lot* more weight to throw around than Activision-Blizzard. So much that I'm not confident who wins that fight, Disney or CCP.
But winnie the poo was popular as shit. This mei meme shit is gonna die off soon
Yeah. You'd figure that with 1.3 billion people, it's a giant market. Problem is that between all the "western" territories, Blizzard also has 2 billion potential customers. And within that number, at least most people from Europe and the US/Canada have a higher potential purchasing power than the average Chinese lower class/lower middle class citizen.

It could be anywhere between 10%-14% since I'm seeing everything in this ballpark mentioned, so I took the average of 12% for the statement.

Which means that if this "backfires", this will be free publicity about one of their OW characters being a symbol of freedom, whereas a smaller market will be shut off.
Then we'll make them care, and go beyond.
Nah, CCP of course wins. Disney may be the largest media company in the world but they still can't compare to a government that has direct jurisdiction over 1/7th of the worlds population.
Cool. Thanks!