Blizzcon will be held in China? Otherwise it will be such an insane shitshow that i doubt it wont be canceled half way through, if it even happens.
Ok, making a top level comment for people who don't know this since I had to explain it a few times already.

**This is for *deleting* your battle.net account, not unsubbing.**

You can unsub from wow no problems, I did already. To actually delete your account (and forfeit everything you own the license to on battle.net) it appears they are asking for a photo I.D.

I'm not saying it's right or anything, but I want to make sure everyone at least knows what this is talking about.
Jesus fucking Christ. They are literally lockstep in line with China and the totalitarian bullshit.

J. Allen Brack MUST RESIGN. That prick is the absolute worst thing that ever happened to Blizzard
Come on guys go easy on them it’s a small indie company
You can sue for that.
Wait you can’t even delete your account anymore?

EDIT: THEY ARE ASKING FOR MY GOVERNMENT ID

WOW.

I CANNOT DELETE MY ACCOUNT WITHOUT PROVIDING MY GOVERNMENT ID.

ETA 2: I was not asked for my government ID when I signed up for my account, so I’m not sure *why* they need it *now*...
They are asking me to submit an ID with a picture.
This post actually scared me a little. My buddy just got me to play WoW for the first time ever last week and I was planning on canceling my subscription at the end of the month regardless. Luckily I had no problems cancelling though. I wrote “you know what this is” in the comments section for why I was cancelling.
On my first attempt they claimed I had too many attempts so I had to verify my deletion with my drivers license -_- I hope the amount of people leaving actually hurts them in a noticeable way.
Class action lawsuit. Suit up. Get in touch with your local legislators and your legal advisors.
EA is loving this right now
Provide an ID to a company that caters to a government known for human rights violations on epic scales? Sure. Sounds totally reasonable.

Honestly, I'd rather take a hit with my bank and just issue a chargeback. Request the cancelation, if they won't let it through then email the cancelation and tell them they are no longer authorized to charge your card. Then if they do, issue a chargeback and use the screen prints as evidence. Problem solved.

If enough people do it, then payment processors will start hitting them with higher fees. Right where it hurts.
[removed]
Can we protest at their headquarters?

I already have a chant. 

*"IT SAYS HERE ON THIS ROCK.*

*YOU SHOULD NOT SUCK CHINA'S COCK"*
china level control
Seems like Blizzard lost their ‘Tegridy’ somewhere along the way
It's not even letting me change my account details without contacting customer support, and I'm not able to contact customer support without submitting a government issued ID. 

I have nothing to lose here, but I want to delete the account anyway. I've given them no data except my first and last name, and I have no games or subscriptions on the account.

I just want my name out of their mouth so I don't get the CCP's shoe polish on it. This is the kind of reprehensible bullshit I'd expect from bootlickers.
\#boycottblizzard

I will never in my life play a blizzard game again.
Boycott Activision as well - Blizzard died a long time ago and Activision is wearing its corpse
I love the light of a nice dumpster 🔥. time to burn blizzard lol
This is illegal in the EU.

Fun's comming.
You know it's bad when the Blizzard sub is in open rebellion of the company
I'm about to file a data protection complaint in my EU country against Blizzard for refusing to delete my account or comply with data protection laws in EU without sending them a copy of my ID card.

Activision CEO Bobby Kotick linked to Jeffery Epstein 

https://youtu.be/kEi2_6am4ps
Anyone in Europe that has encountered  this should report it as a GDPR breach as it possibly breaches the right to be forgotten ruling
Well it could be that if there is a lot of people doing the same thing it could be bogging down the services and disabling the function could just be a way to catch up on all the tickets. I hope you all realise your aren't going to affect those in charge right? You're going to harm those at the bottom first who have no control over this matter. I understand being angry for what happened just don't forget who will take any hit first.
Illegal.
The declined my account/personal data deletion although I attached a government issued ID. Well they should know better to not do that to EU citizens who are protected by GDPR.
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-erasure/

Keep reposting this
DDOS them
I think that mass amount of people deleting accounts just triggered some automated protective mechanism. Every big company has that. I get it, people are pissed at Blizzard and they love to come to conclusions that will make company look even worse.
Read what it says? "due to too many attempts"
Is this actually happening because that picture shows a lock message from failed attempts to verify through email code not that it's actually disabled entirely.
Misleading, not true, making its rounds because of the China thing.

Not saying this person didn't run into issues, but it's a mighty logical leap to go from "I'm having issues" to "Blizzard is stopping everyone from deleting accounts."
Ill still play there games
gaymers rise up against account deletion prevention! we will show the chinese government who the real people in power are!
Isn't that full on illegal here in the states?
Isn't this super illegal here in EU?
Do you guys not have basic human rights?
Meh. I think that people would really regret deleting their accounts in 3 days after they cool their heads. Blizzard understands that human beings are irrational when they get emotional. I never heard of anyone struggling to turn off their subscriptions, just to delete their accounts. Which is a senseless move really? You've already paid for the games. You're not changing any meaningful numbers.
Of all the things to be mad at blizzard over, their servers getting destroyed should not be misconstrued as them "intentionally" disabling the ability to deactivate your account. This is almost certainly a technical issue.
I'm gonna get downvoted like crazy for this, but this is for deleting your account completely and all the data with it. You can still unsub at any time (I just unsubbed from WoW myself).

&#x200B;

They have been doing the ID thing for many years to delete your account. Just imagine if you played WoW since release for hundreds/thousands of hours and someone hacks your account and they delete all your data. People would suicide truck bomb Blizzard if they didn't have extra precautions against that.
Gotta make an Blizzard account and buy alot of shit from them.
This is bullshit.
correct me if im wrong (i dont live in EU) but doesnt the GDPR only apply to personal data (such as name, ids, etc)? so while they are required to remove your personal data, they do not have to comply with the account deletion request. (which is still bullshit, but not my question here)

thanks
Communists detected on American soil...
This is such sweet karma - they tried to take everything away from someone who grinded one of their games to be the best. A guy who risked his wellbeing to speak out for those less fortunate.

Now the bullys are getting bullied and it's glorious.
What happens if you send a photo ID with all the info photo-shopped as fake (except for the name of course) and the picture changed to one of those deep fakes faces of people that don't really exist. I mean what exactly do they have to check against? It's not like they got an ID from you to open the account in the first place.

Edit: Use this to edit your ID you do not want anyone connected to the Chinese Government to have your face on file:

https://thispersondoesnotexist.com/
Tried deleting my acc yesterday, it didn't work. Today it did though!  Buh bye
It's so very satisfying to see Blizz crumbling
This is illegal in the EU, you have the right to be forgotten.
Watching the Chinese dislike bots work over time with all these comments and posts xD Weird how they have thousands of upvotes on the post but almost no likes in comments
I’d like to see Blizzard collapse it’s American market. 

Maybe the cost of doing business in China is to lose business in America.
Lol this is just the lock out you get when you try to do something to many times like enter the wrong password. Yea get mad at Blizzard, but not make up fake shit.
Wtf... This is ridiculous.
Unpopular opinion: you can boycott and not pay them money without deleting the accounts you’ve put a ton of money and time into already. Have fun rebuying the games in a year or two when you all have forgotten or they make the ceo resign and they right their wrongs.
Wow, i tried deleting my account maybe 10 hours ago and ran into this problem. Thought my account was bugged after being idle for a while, turns out it’s Blizzard. Taking another page out of the CCP, now we need exit visas to leave Blizzard.
I play videogames since 2002, I have never seen anything like this before. Not even by literal scum like Electronic Arts, Ubisoft, Bethesda or Epic Games. Wow, just wow. This is a whole new level of bullshit and scummy behavior. What happened to Blizzard?

First 2k sending thugs to threaten a Youtuber and now this? Jesus Christ.
[removed]
The irony of this situation, is I fully would never have known about this hearthstone caster's political views, if blizzard hadn't tried to silence him.

If anything, blizzard gave this movement a huge boost. Nice going, douche bags.
I think that while this would be an unpopular opinion since we are in a mob witch-hunting mode that this is actually intentional and understandable so, accounts nowadays are linked to game codes virtual currencies, etc, so to avoid mistakes or liabilities blizzard suspend the deleted account for 30 days and let you recover it in that period of time.-

Now we know well enough how this kind of mob mentality operates, and that from the people deleting their accounts, a lot of those whose accounts have in game items or games codes linked to it will either restrain for doing it or recover it later, which is dangerous in the middle of this massive influx of people doing so, because if they collapse the system now, they can delete the account, but if they collapse the system and don't let the people recover they accounts in the deletion queue it would be a customer service nightmare, so it's better to break the system prior, people that wants to delete their accounts for real, will do so today, next week or next month anyways, those who are just bandwagging will desist once the kool aid effect passes and we know it will.-

So it's completely understable from a social and business perspective to be more careful of your customers and guarantee that their service is working optimally than to risk those legitimate customers and prioritize on the mob.-

Let's be honest after all, how many of us that have spend a lot of money buying blizzard games, some in MT and years on WoW subscriptions would delete our accounts to protest this?

It may be some, but not many people will burn thousand of dollars and hours of time for the sake of a massive protest, and I'm not a blizzard fanboy, I have criticise them a lot of times before, but there's a long way from there to deleting a valuable account to make them know my point.-

In fact I personally feel more offended by the "you guys don't have phones" than for this, while haven't read the official tournament rules of Blizzard I'm pretty sure they should have some kind of clause against political speech and this player did just that, so while I may be wrong (in which case I will stand corrected) probably there were rules against what this player did, and he probably knew but didn't care, you may argue whatever you like or not this rule in this case in particular, but an infringement is an infringement, if a player use the tournament interview to pronounce against gun regulations, and for or against abortion, or other close to home more divisive topics in their local communities a lot of people will have wanted blizzard to censore too.-

So yeah, is a shame what happened but if there is a rule against that then THERE IS A RULE, and blizzard just did what it had, if there's no rule against it blizzard acted wrong, but let take out our social hypocrisy and say that if it is okay for someone to express their political views on a game tournament, then there is okay for everybody to do so, and whatever that opinion may be, whatever we like it or not.-

After all we need to be coherent and not bend the rules depending on whatever we agree or disagree with the topic at hand on a case per case basis.-
There’s an easy solution that would never happen cuz of our government corruption; but pass a law that no foreign company or national can own more than 5% of the company and that any company that does business in America must have 80% of its total investors and money from USA or they forfeit control of their company to select American shareholders who’d put country over profit
In case anyone missed it: https://believermag.com/weather-reports-voices-from-xinjiang/.

Tens of first-hand accounts from Chinese citizens who risked their lives and their families' lives to tell the stories of their loved ones who are among the 800,000 to two million people believed to be detained inside concentration camps in China's Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region.

Essential reading.

These are the atrocities Apple, Blizzard, and the NBA are complicit in.
[removed]
I mean they posted on twitter saying something broke it’s not intended and they are working on fixing it but sure lose ya shit
[removed]
They learned it from the best aka China
I’m a little outa the loop help me out… why are ppl deleting their accounts to begin with
That's a new low.
Is this real?
I wonder if investors know their subscriber numbers they will likely put out at earnings are being manipulated.
They are down a lot too ?! Hmm
Did they just start doing this?  Or has it always been the policy?  If it's the latter, maybe it doesn't scale when lots of people want to do it at once...

Not happy with their HK response either, but trying to see if this is overblown.
G-amers R-ise U-p
I just sold all my shares in Activision/blizzard because of this. If you have any, now is the time. Hit them where it hurts most.
changed my name to Tiananmen89, hopefully they'll delete it for me
Can someone please summarise what is going on? Why do people want to delete their accounts?

Not being a smart arse, I’m just not aware of the latest news and have not played anything by blizzard recently.
/spit on Blizzard
blizzard prevents you from deleting your account so it doesn't look bad for share holders lol
What would happen if you canceled the credit card that you used to pay for the subscriptions with? is that an option to not providing your drivers license to kill the account?
If you don’t want to upload a photo of your ID, just change your automatic payment method to a Visa gift card, then go spend all the money on the gift card.
Why not just start hacking and get yourself banned.
If you are EU citizen - use GDPR rules! If you ask them to delete your data, they are obliged to do so!
[removed]
Based blizzard 😂
Hit them with a GDPR request and then demand the data to be erased. Should be way more work for them than allowing you to delete the account using their service.
Just tell your bank to stop paying them
I understand and i'm pissed but why not just cancel all payments, clean your data and delete the launcher?
“No u kant unsubscribe pls”
On a related subject I refunded my WCIII pre-order that I forgot to refund along with my blizzcon virtual ticket and it says "Be aware that this refund was made as an exception, and future refunds are not guaranteed." To the more recent one, whereas my first which was much sooner after the news broke has the usual friendly normal blizz CS-type response. Also I say "normal" and "usual" having contacted customer service at least 10x (probably more) in the past 5 years over various issues. TBF I contacted a human on Livechat for the blizzcon ticket refund and was extremely polite to them because I know it's not their fault their top boss is busy sucking xi jinping's dick while they deal with irate customers all day.

Edits: clarity and wording and I'm tired so I can't fuckin type.
Are that many people deleting and unsubscribing from blizzard's services, that they had to panicky impose these last minute measures? I see this as an absolute win! And sadly this might be the end of a once legendary gaming company.
Was going to get a subscription last week but nah. Screw em
This is insane
remember hours ago when people said blizzard wasn't pro China. well, you're welcome to admit you too now cause that argument is disintegrated
Can't delete your account? Start doing charge backs on your cards and that'll get their attention. Money talks.
Can someone fill me in on what this is all about?
What, does your ID not have email addresses?
I requested my own data instead for now
I was I still had subscriptions so I could cancel them.
Any resources supporting this other than just a tweet? I just want to dig it more before making judgement.
You would think a company of this size would actually have a PR team worth something.
Call your cc company and cancel that way
If you are from the EU, invoke your GDPR rights to have any saved data on you removed.
I was boycotting blizzard before it was cool.
Just saying, I did make a post about this earlier, and I actually took a video of them declining me if anyone is interested.
Literally illegal...
I'm out of the loop, what did Blizzard do?
Wait wtf? Blizzard is blocking people from deleting their accounts?

It's bad enough that Blizzard is kow-towing to totalitarian despots, but now they're trying to force us to support their anti-democratic practices? That's so fucked. 

I'd love to see some sanctions for that behavior the same way we sanction any other company that is propping up murderous dictators.
Just when I thought nobody will beat EA...
So are we all moving to Final Fantasy XIV now? or what? Because I don't have any good excuses to my buddy that's been trying to get me to play for years and now I feel like I need to tell him my bad...
rebel scum
Normies ruin everything. Back when gamers were called nerds and shamed upon we didn't have bullshit like this. Gaming shouldn't have gotten so popular.
welcome to china, where you need to scan your face first to access to metro
Wait, wait, wait.. He broke a rule in the highest stage tournament held for the game is gets paid to play for a living, and now you're boycotting the company for sticking to their rules..? He even said he knew he was going to get in trouble for bringing politics into it and he did it anyway. 🤷‍♂️
Can't wait for this years Blizzcon. This will be a s***show guys.
What? Is this even legal?
Rmb taste good?
I have heard very little about this whole Blizzard thing. Does anyone mind explaining what is going on?
As a EU citizen in compliance with GDPR you can demand Blizzard delete your data & account within 3 days or be legally accountable in EU court, EU court would love that free field day with blizzard fining them enmasse.  [https://twitter.com/Scarlet\_breakin/status/1182136025348497408](https://twitter.com/Scarlet_breakin/status/1182136025348497408)
 

#### Şifresiz İnstagram Takipçi Satın Almak Hakkında Herşey

**Şifresiz** [instagram takipçi satın almak](https://www.instamarketim.net/) isteyen arkadaşların akıllarındaki soru işaretlerini cevaplamaya çalışalım. öncelikle kesinlikle sistemimize şifrenizi girmeniz gerekmiyor. Sadece kullanıcı adınızı göndermeniz yeterli. Göndereceğimiz takipçiler gerçek türk profillerdir. Yani paylaştığınız her gönderiyi bu insanlar görücek dikkatlerini çekerse beğeneceklerdir. Yani kısacası sizlere [gerçek türk takipçiler](https://www.instamarketim.net/) gönderiyoruz. İsteğinize bağlı yabancı takipçilerde gönderebiliriz tamamen size bağlı birşeydir.

İnstagram takipçi satın alma konusunda sizlere en iyi hizmeti vericeğimize emin olabilirsiniz bizlere destek hattından 7/24 bizlere ulaşabilirsiniz yani takipçi satın alırken kesinlikle garantisini veriyoruz. Şimdiden bizleri tercih ettiğiniz için çok teşekkür ederiz.
🦀🦀 Blizzard is gone 🦀🦀
WTF, they want to see my ID?!?
Nice blizzard. You played yourself.
As much as I don't agree with what they're doing, it is written in the Bible that all of this would happen. They are preparing everyone to accept the mark of the beast which is probably a chip implanted in your hand or a barcode/number Lasered onto your forehead. Pretty soon everything will be digitalised and unless you accept the mark of the beast you will not be able to buy or sell anything. I recommend you give your life to Jesus Christ while there is still time because things here on Earth are only going to keep getting worse. The Bible says that there shall come a time on this Earth so bad, the likes of which the world has never seen before and it shall happen suddenly within the space of half an hour, wake up quickly brothers and sisters.
I for one enjoy these pitchforks. If only it was as easy as deleting our accounts when it comes to politicians...
This can't be real
Good thing the EU has GDPR and the right to be forgotten.
Okay so for everyone moaning about having to give their photo ID, this isn't a new thing, and likely isn't related to Hong Kong at all.

My blizzard account was hacked 2-3 months back, and in order to verify it was me that owned the original email address tied to the account, I had to send them a scan of my driver's license.

10 minutes later I got my account back.

Stop making everything fit the outrage.
I've been trying to login to the blizzard store to cancel a couple of blizzcon exclusive figures i pre-ordered and i can't even log in to their store. Says my info is incorrect. 

Probably unrelated, but there's that.
I'm not super informed on the relationship between Activision and Blizzard, but this whole situation seems like a choice from Activision, as Blizzard employed have covered up the inspiration quote on the statue at HQ, and most likely are against this decision.

We can meme about game balance and loot boxes all we want, but this seems like a major shift in my eyes. I feel like Activision is the group to blame here.
Blizzard have always done this. I had to send my ID when I lost my authenticator. I'm not saying its necessarily right... But I think there would be more uproar if someone got into your account and could delete everything you owned just by clicking a button.
Change your payment and personal info to gibberish.
NO way bro, no way wtf how can this be real lmao
I didn't sign up with my personal ID, why should I need it to delete my account? Total bs.
what...what's happening, what's this all about?
What's going on? Why's everyone so upset? I just came from my vacation under the rock.
This is insane. Blizzard went from the standard games companies strived to attain to a corporate shill devoted to nothing but greed. I was playing classic and intending on playing 8.3 but nope not now
Stop playing and buying anything that has to do with Blizzard.
I'M going to repost exactly what I said in another thread about this because people are jumping to conclusions. I think everyone in the comments are overlooking something very important, if Blizzard allowed mass account deleting on this scale there would be no way to verify that everyone was protesting, being hacked or being maliciously deleted by a boyfriend, girlfriend, spouse, ect. It is easy to forget that humans are terrible so i'm sure some person or organization is most certainly taking advantage of the chaos and being terrible. For those of you complaining about IDs the reason behind it is consumer protection, if someone had taken your account they would be more likely to not hand over an ID as it has their real name on it and gives a solid trail on who to prosecute in the event it was stolen.
Well so long live capitalism with no one pulling the strings?
Hey, I'm a little bit confused what this is all about. If someone would be so kind as to give me a crash course on what's happening with blizzard?
This has gotta be illegal, right?
It’s illegal practice according to GDPR and EU citizens can actually sue them for this. I’m sure some EU lawyers would love to help because this sounds really clear cut. Apparently they deny even the last fallback to photo ID’s too: https://twitter.com/lolorcasm/status/1182055300683026433?s=21
Isn't this against GDPR? You are supposed to be able to request deletion of ALL of your data with no strings attached....
whew got out just in time.
That moment when Dashcon, the Tumblr convention with a half deflated ball pit  touted as the main attraction, will most likely have been less of a shitshow than BlizzCon this year.

Edit: I forgot to mention the ball pit reportedly had some pee in it
That doesn't sound very legal (at least it wouldn't in Europe)
Getting rid of blizzard launcher ASAP.
I have some reservations about these accusations, I believe more in an automatic security because a lot of account deletions is suspicious (a security in case of data theft for example) than a plot between Blizzard and China.

When Blizzard did something wrong, people want to think it's worst thant it seems, it's like with Diablo Immortal, people accused Blizzard to removed dislikes on YouTube (even Google didn't do that with their Rewind, how can Blizzard had the possibility to do that ?)

I honestly want to see Blizzard leaving the chinese market, it would be better for the creation of future games (but it may have Blizzard employees in China losing their job and some chinese esport players can have their career in danger)
If they wouldn’t let you cancel subscription or delete your accounts simply pull their  authorization to draw the subscription fee from your Bank account or advice your Online Payment provider to not do it for them.
> Under new EU laws you can also demand they send you the data they have on you, and if they fail to respond in (i believe 30?) days, they're subject to massive fines.

This is a much better strategy than people in the EU deleting their accounts.  If even a fraction of people do so, it may very well overwhelm their ability to respond to requests, which would subject them to extraordinarily huge fines.  And you'll get your data, which is great, because if they're owned by, and subservient to, an authoritarian dystopian nightmare like China, it would really benefit you to see the dossier they've accumulated on you.

This article has some info about the regulation.

EDIT:  A commenter below has provided an excellent form letter people can send to Blizzard requesting specific types of personal data.  This is really great.  I know Blizzard has disabled their automated system, so it would be worth it to print this out and snail mail a copy to Blizzard HQ.

EDIT:  Another commenter details the inanity of complaints that people utilizing this law will somehow "get it taken away

A lawyer or legal expert int he EU should weigh in here on how exactly people should go about doing this though.

EDIT:  People have said they can file for an extension if they are backlogged with requests.  I've heard 2 months of extra time.  I would say that's fine.  They can't just not fulfill the request.

Keep in mind the GDPR are new laws.  The EU may be looking to make an example of companies, and may come down harshly on Blizzard for non-compliance, especially given Blizzard's stance on Hong Kong and them going to bat for China.

EDIT:  Additional people are claiming (without citation) that courts would throw these requests out because they were organized.  I would like someone with knowledge of the legal system in the EU to weigh in, but I am extraordinarily dubious about this.  For one, Blizzard would have to prove each request was legitimately "malicious".  For two, laws aren't usually chucked out the window because it's "hard" for companies to comply.

EDIT:  Naysayers keep insisting that utilizing an existing and unambiguous law is "abusing" it.  I would say that authoritarian China owning a 5% stake in Blizzard and Blizzard taking a clear stance in favor of authoritarianism and suppression and treating advocacy for Democracy as hate speech represents an extremely urgent need for everyone in the EU to figure out what data Blizzard is accumulating on them, and then delete it to ensure it does not fall into the hands of monstrously murderous authoritarian regime.

That's why the law exists in the first place.  Insinuating they will "take it away" if you use it is absurd.

And if it turns out that the requests are easy for Blizzard to field, then the worse that happens is you took five seconds to get your personal data and now know what Blizzard accumulated on you and can make the informed decision whether or not to delete your data.

That's a good thing.  Every person on Earth should have unencumbered access to the totality of what corporations are accumulating about them online.  It's your data, not their property.

We do not live in fear of corporations.  We do not owe them the courtesy of making their lives easier.  If they can skirt existing laws because those laws are "hard", then we know the laws need to be strengthened.

EDIT:  A lot more HailCorporate people here then I would have ever expected.

It's really interesting that so many people are so concerned for the welfare of massive companies and so sympathetic with their plight to hand over personal data they collect on their users.  They're very upset that mean people would dare to abuse the law by simply requesting that data.

There is, of course, a really easy way companies could comply, instantly, with these requests: stop compiling and reselling user data.

Blizzard doesn't have to stick a tracking device on me and monitor every other website I go to after I visit them, log which games I play for how many hours, log my buying behavior on their loot boxes, sequence my genome to determine my suscpetibility to dopamine slot machines, and so on, and it certainly doesn't need to bundle that data and sell it to the highest bidder.

They could just, I dunno, make good games?

This is all a copy and paste
Pro-tip for Europeans: they have the legal obligation to remove any information they have about you within 30 days, so simply find a contact form and ask them.
You guys are racist for hating chinese people.
I don't know why everyones having trouble deleting your account, apparently you just need to send some anti-china memes and they'll delete and ban your account for you, no ID needed /s lol.
I hope their stock price plummets to all time lows
Wouldn't the FTC be able to do something or at least have some reports about it if enough people people brought it to them.
BoycottBlizzard!! Delete wow!
EU GDPR
So all that SJW virtue signalling pandering from a corporation (and all the others like Google, Apple, etc) was just for show?

I'm shooketh
Blizzard CS's official response to this is that it's a site issue.

https://twitter.com/BlizzardCS/with_replies
Isn't removing methods against GDPR?
My LGS is an amazing, inclusive space that just celebrated its 1 Year Anniversary a couple days ago. It’s situated close to a prominent University that has a predominantly Asian student body. The LGS relies on Blizzard products for a majority of its business. I fear for the fallout from all of this on wonderful places like my LGS.
Ohhh theres a massive law suit waiting to happen....  learnt nothing from facebook I guess
I tried to delete my account a while back and they wouldn’t do it because I didn’t send a picture of my passport that wouldn’t even prove anything anyway. Hate this company 😂
I believe this is illegal in the EU, GDPR gives you the right to be forgotten.
Any idea if asking for ID for account cancelation is illegal in Canada?
Holy shit, that’s fucked.
So i can't delete my account anymore?
This is ridiculous. They ban user from login to their own account in order to stop them from delete their account. WTF
Just to put my experience in. It took me about 30 seconds to put in my request for account removal and I got an email within a couple minutes approving the process. Not issues here. I did not have a mobile authenticator on my account so that helped.
I just deleted my Blizzard account. Screw them.
lets just take a step back to appreciate there are a lot of staff just as outraged and they arranged a walkout in protest of the decision.
Hol'up isn't that 100% illegal in most civilized countries ?
Errrm... Is now the good time to ask how this will impact BlizzCon 2019?  


They timed this so good it's almost unbelievable... I don't think this time "wait for a week and things will sort themselves" will workout this time.
ITT: people acting like Blizzard asking for your ID is new. 

It is NOT new. When I got hacked 6 months ago they made me verify with my license. 

**YOU CAN CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WITHOUT YOUR ID.  YOU ONLY NEED YOUR ID TO DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT. OTHERWISE HACKERS WOULD DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AFTER THEY HACK YOU**

Please stop being dramatic so that you can karma farm. This is not new. This is not an attempt to stop you due to anything China related. This has always been protocol.
Hopefully all these deleted account balance out the games a bit
Did this start to happen after Destiny 2 left their store? or is this because the whole China thing
i can delete it without any problems
Is this only in the US? In Europe this is a major lawsuit waiting to happen otherwise. GDPR rocks
just wanna delete acc, only used it for destiny. dont need it anymore now
THEY DO THIS A LOT, HARD TO UNINSTALL THEIR GAME NOW.  THEY USED TO HAVE UNINSTALL FUNCTION RIGHT NEXT TO THE GAME TAGE, NOT ANYMORE
This was cross posted to the r/gaming subreddit. Had tens of thousands of upvotes and 8 awards, and no it has completely disappeared?
You have to face the consequences of your actions Blizzard!!!

I hope you lose 80% of your playerbase because you are awful company as of for now!!!

\#Boycotblizzard
I’m trying to cancel subscription and won’t let me continue past the survey screen.
At the risk of being labeled a shill.... never attribute malice to something that can be explained by incompetence.

This is ten thousand percent a technical issue. Too many people trying to access the webpage overloading it.

The people posting these things is unfortunately are scaremongering (even if it's not done on purpose). People don't know what they're talking about -> see something negative -> their brain makes a leap of logic -> it happens to be the things that helps their case the most -> you get this.

Not saying you shouldn't delete your account if you want, but don't place such an idiotic level of evil on what is absolutely a technical issue.
Perfect time to go make a ticket claiming un received purchases.......
Ok, I never played a game through battlenet, but I have an account with no purchases, main info or anything. Just email address and name (and any mandatory info they needed for sign up). What benefit do they get by seeing my ID? I saw on a blizzard forum someone said to prevent false deletions, or "vindictive ex spouses". Sorry, but if someone like that is going to the effort of deleting my account, they probably already have access to my ID. Is this even legal? How is a photo of my ID going to be different to a two (or more) step verification that uses the info you already have. Better yet, what if a woman had an account and got married, her ID will have a different surname...
Isn't this illegal? Blocking methods for people to stop supporting them gives them the opportunity to lie about the pr shitstorm to shareholders by giving them boosted numbers of people still staying with them. Feel free to educate me if I got anything wrong.
But I need to farm LBRS, UBRS and get Rank 10
Why do I feel like China is filled with people with ill intentions.
Blizz sux
Didn't this post just lose like.. Thousands of comments?
Don't need to tell me twice, after playing 17,000 games of Starcraft 2 it was a surprisingly easy uninstall + boycott when I found out the shit they did.
[removed]
No, I had this problem before all of this started.

Their site is genuinely bugged, I had the exact same thing like two weeks ago
Such thing it's actually illegal in EU. It violates laws on data treatment.
Lmao wtf is going on.
All this on the eve of Blizzcon...well they shot themselfs in ass with that. They could just ignore what that dude said and then apologize to their asian masters. But no, I think that this shitstorm will go away pretty soon, but oh boy it will be remembered.
i was planning on not spending any money on blizzard games, but i wouldn't actually have deleted my account if this hadn't happened.
I just sent them a screenshot to GDPR right to be informed page lol
Blizzard has also changed their "Delete Blizzard Account" article on their website. 

https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/2659

See "Updated 20 minutes ago"

Now it says you have to request a deletion an that Government ID may be required.
Europe has the right the be forgotten, does this not break this rule?
Does this include the ID vertification? I had to send in my ID to verify my account to speak woth the support.
Just pirate their games, run bots, screw with in game economies and buy second hand copies of Diablo 1 and stream that while constantly repeating I will not buy any new Blizzard/Activision games.  No point in burning games, boycotting (non subscription based games) or anything that doesn't impact their bottom line. Just play the shit out of them but don't give them a bloody penny. Make them burn their resources. .
I requested to delete my account and it was surprisingly easy. I guess it is because I am from Canada? They didn't asked for any ID.
Yea that's actually illegal in Europe due to GDPR laws.
I'd pay actual money if i could learn exactly how many people canceled their accounts after all this is said and done.  I'm curious to see how long this furfer keeps up and how much it'll cost Blizzard/EA.
are they not going to apologies?
Oh man, just once EU, please, get this one right and go all GDPR on their asses
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-erasure/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfVshitSW_8
I hated blizzard before it was cool /s
Isn't it illegal to do this?
Great to see that everything is being spread by now. Even if it turns out to be wrong and a technical error at this point.
And for the younger viewers, Blizzard was a company that was deeply loved in the 90s. Nowadays their name is usually followed by a scoff.
 Damn it, blizzard.
I’ve been subbed for the better part of 3 years straight and playing since 2004, even including time’s I haven’t even played for a few months. I just let them have it because you know, it’s a company I love and have grown up with. I will be unsubbing for now, even though looking at future patches on the PTR and game direction is giving me a huge rock on. I just hope Allen can see what he’s done here, learn and restore the faith I had in Blizzard in the first place. 

Unlikely, but its in my human rights to have dreams, right?
Here is Jeff Kaplan’s response to all the recent events https://thehardtimes.net/harddrive/jeff-kaplan-calmly-explains-why-its-important-to-balance-human-rights-with-chinese-money/
Lol they like kids. Think that if they close eyеs problem will be solved
Isn’t this against the European law for data protection? 

They can’t block you from deleting your account and asking them to remove your personal information from their database
Never heard of them til yesterday, when these started popping up on All. Consider the awareness spread.
Absolutely support for Blizzard !! Bravo guys!
Glad that I dont have a blizzard account
If you're not allowed to cancel, issue a charge back on your credit or debit card.

> One of the most common reasons for a chargeback is a fraudulent transaction. In this case, a credit card is used without the consent or proper authorization of the card holder.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chargeback

Preventing you from stopping a transaction is the definition of an unauthorized purchase.
Been nice knowing ya Blizzard, not even Diablo 4 can save you from this mess.
It hurt but I deleted my Blizzard account.  Couldn't hurt near as much as what those protestors are experiencing.
Im pretty sure thats illegal, at least in europe
now suddenly every one loves gamers going off half cocked. next week we will be back to being nazis
Fucken dogs
I didn’t have to thankfully
Remove your payment method...
time to start putting some compaines OUT OF BUSINESS
Just something to point out, when receiving a ton of account deletions it will often trigger something in IT security to try to slow things down/stop things to make sure it that there isnt a big chunk of them that are hacked accounts or something of the sort.

Dont get me wrong blizzard is a shit company and has lost all my respect. I just wanted to point out this particular move isnt necessarily bad practice from a cyber security standpoint.
Is it even legal in EU? I mean we have GDPR.
Unbelievable.
A company disables an option due to overloading requests? Absolutely unheard of /s
Blizzard is dead to me.
Blizzard did not disable them, they have technical problems with their system and are looking into it, like their support twitter account said.
Half-life 3 confirmed
Damn I’ll have to buy an Activision Blizzard game now so I can make a statement and delete my new account!
This is like the 6th post I’ve comment on in the last couple days but why is everyone hating blizzard so badly
No!!! Your data is ours! You cant delete your accounts, we are farming data for china.
When your an Paladins/Hi-Rez Fanboy watching the news
**chews gushers obnoxiously** ah I’m glad I made that switch from blizzard to Hi-Rez years ago... Blizzard is getting all that they deserve...
If you want play ow but not ow play Paladins it’s moar fun and FREEEEEEEEEEE... like come on guys just play it’s really fun like there is literally a guy who has an ult that launches you to space and another guy who can teleport to any enemy on the map assassinate them and teleports back and t pose on em, Also a tank with SELF REZ THAT ONE SHOTS EVERY ONE IN THE AREA LIKE I CANT MAKE THIS SHIT UP...
They're probably just in the middle of regulating the insumermiuntable hack attempts made on people's accounts
Just deleted mine, no issue, UK.

Not making a statement or anything just had an account that i don't use that just has WoW, Black Ops 4 and Destiny 2 on that maybe have a handful of hours in each of them so no real loss to anyone.
Will the die hard customer really leave ?
Deleted both of my accounts, one was created in 2004 for beta.  Regardless of how this all plays out in the end, I think that we will see more and more of this kind of thing going forward.

China was smart to invest in so many online/gaming companies for this reason.  They have a large teet, and once you start suckling it will be impossible to stop.

They will slowly, over time, impose their values on us indirectly through the companies they in part own.

Eventually, we too will need a webcam and facial recognition to get online and buy groceries if this continues.  This is a reality in China already and should scare the rest of the free world.

They are playing the long game here, and this should be a huge wake up call to us all.
Playing devils advocate, that could be an automatic system.
I just initiated the deletion process. The SMS authentication worked for me. That said, who knows if they'll come back asking for more.
Would Blizzard make more money if they took an active stand against the Chinese government? I would probably buy some games if that happened.
Can someone actually confirm this? I've just seen this same screenshot reposted a billion times and no other reports of the same thing.
Another one bites the dust
Contact your CC company/bank and have them block payments to your accounts.
Or maybe they are having technical difficulties....
I don’t get it, is it no longer possible to delete accounts or can anyone delete an account.
Ok, so ive come here from a crosspost to find out whats going on, as ive only seen like 2 things through memes with Mei. Can someone please fill me in?
Remember, if you have a credit card on file at BLIZZARD call your credit card company and have them put a stop to any charges BLIZ tries to charge you.

You might not can delete your account but this should send the same message.
Whoa can we keep the Gender neutral, and just Cott them.
I had to submit a ticket with a picture of my ID in order to get my deletion processed.  I've been told by several people that the photo ID is required to actually delete your entire account because they have to do everything they can to confirm it's actually you making the request and not a sibling, jilted ex-girlfriend, etc.
Is this verified?
Man, why do companies have to screw up so massively? I just got my golden gun as roadhog!
Time to sue them hoes
Deleting your account vs don't play. How's that different?
If you didn't start boycotting Blizzard after the BnetD lawsuit, I don't know what to tell you.

Blizzard has been this awful for a long, long time.
Didn't stop me.
Can someone explain to me what the hell is going on?!
I can do without Blizzard games. We need to stand in solidarity for democracy against communism and spineless capitalism.

Delete your Blizzard account. Choose a different game.
Just deleted my blizzard account, asked for 1 authentication and then said it will update me after it sorts it out
I told them on a ticket i would go with it to the court, sonce it is illegal to do this in EU, and they even helped me to delete it.
Question for people in the EU, Doesn't this violate the right to be for gotten laws?
 

I know this seems like a boomer thing to do, but file a complaint with the Better business bureau. If they want to stay accredited with the organization they have to respond personally to ALL OF THE COMPLAINTS INDIVIDUALLY.

[https://www.bbb.org/us/ca/irvine/profile/wholesale-video-games/blizzard-entertainment-inc-1126-13050668](https://www.bbb.org/us/ca/irvine/profile/wholesale-video-games/blizzard-entertainment-inc-1126-13050668)
So what nerd, good for them
So blizzard is laying in bed with communist China??
It seems like Blizzard took a page out of the Todd Howard book of “How to Run a AAA Game Company”.
At this point they should just change their name to "Blizztard".
To add to the insult, they've got [a fundraiser for a team for one of their tournaments in a frontpage post in the overwatch subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/dfwaml/team_hong_kong_needs_your_help_getting_to_the/) That's how brazen this company is, they won't even stop advertising their tournaments on reddit in the face of all this backlash, and they have fans willing to go along with it. In the face of *massive* human rights violations and what's fast becoming an international incident.
Blizzard is now gay comfirmed.
I cant believe it. Bethesda said "watch me do everything wrong and lose fans with FO76", amd Blizzard said "hold my beer"

This is incredible
Luckily i was able to, SMS confirmation worked.
Did they always ask for an id when you want to delete your account?
Why does it seem like Bliz is always in shit. Like i get it happenes to every conpany at some point but it feels like its been nonstop for them since bfa came out
Just report the card you have on file with them as stolen. Get a new card and a new number. Your old card won’t work anymore so they can’t bill you anymore. Problem solved.
And throw away my 15 years of memories ? Far from my bed show, I am fine thank you. Besides, states clearly: no political statements.
Definately getting rid of my blizzard account. I didn't play it much anyway. But they have my CC info and I'm no longer comfortable with them having it.
Don't delete your account. Use it. Why protest when you can humiliate.
Isn't this illegal? Just because they disabled the function doesn't mean that they aren't still required to uphold the law of the land
 Hijacking your comment to say, if you or anyone your know plans on deleting their account, don't just delete your account! You can request your Data from Blizzard and if they dont follow trhough within 30 days they have to pay hefty fines inside the EU. If everyone does this, they might have such an enormous backlog and will have to pay up. More details here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfcncg/dont\_just\_delete\_your\_account\_you\_can\_request/](https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfcncg/dont_just_delete_your_account_you_can_request/)
*unable to delete account* tHis iS dISCuStiNg!
My favorite method of deleting accounts is getting a new credit card.  Yes that’s right, I burn my life down about once a year and start anew in the ashes.
Boycott China ya fuckin fool of a Took.
Cease and desist letters are easy to write, just saying.
I'll take anyone's unwanted wow account
If you're from the EU and cannot delete your account without providing government ID, **Make a complaint to the ICO!**

Took me about 5 minutes and all they required was a transcript of the chat log where they refused to deleting my account information without a passport. The more people that complain, the more likely it is that the ICO will take action. So please don't just take their refusal lying down. Complain!
I hate Blizzard so much. Their games are great but their company is a mess and a joke.
Karma would be exiling these companies to China. If you want to be lockstep with the Chinese government then go be owned by them.  It's totally unrealistic, but if you want to be a puppet of the Chinese government, then actually go be a part of the system you're pushing for.
I don't know how serious this accusation is. I tried making some substantial changes to my WoW account right around the time of TBC release(like 12 years ago) and they asked me for a faxed in picture of my photo ID. I feel like this is just their method of you are who you say you are and not someone who's hacked into your account.
YSK: you can report an unauthorized transaction to your bank and they will block Blizzard from taking any more money if you have auto-pay set up.
It's like they care about money more than the wishes of people who play their video games...
😆 what a nightmare
Just like they do in China
It that even legal?
Start shorting Activision Blizzard stock lol.
Hello gamers. This isn't actually true
I don't have a Blizzard account. But now I want to sign up for one just so I can delete it.
Imagine if you found out they sold you info to china that would be stupid I know but it's not out of realm of possibility.
Isn’t this right here a type of fraud? Can we report the company to the FTC or something?

Hell tweet this to the President of the United States even
MAKE EVERY CHARACTER FROM EVERY BLIZZARD FRANCHISE A SYMBOL OF HK FREEDOM, NOT JUST MEI.  
WoW: Saurfang/Derek Proudmoore  
Diablo: The Monk  
Hearthstone: The Tavern Keep Dwarf dude  
StarCraft: Raynor??? (I never played the games)
Pretty sure this is due to high traffic. It seems you can delete your account as of today
Damn I just want to play OW
Do t trust Blizzard with your information anymore, they may try to sell it to China/Chinese companies to abuse to high hell and back. Especially don’t give them any government identification which Blizzard is apparently now suddenly asking for.
[deleted]
[deleted]
BlizzConn is going to be a brutal public social-media digital-execution.

The arrogance displayed last fall is about to come full-circle with reality.

:)
Didnt they do similar do stuff when mass people were leaving because of the Diablo Immortal announcement?
protecting themsevles from all the bandwagon kids that want the account termination email, so they can then just re-enable their accounts.
I'm confused to what is happening atm with blizzard? Can I get a tl:Dr?
Noooo. I haven’t even gotten to 60 yet!
[The blizzchina flag post was taken down](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfzlm8/this_is_odd/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) in r/blizzard This post too is not showing up in the feeds, my husband made this post so I was able to access it easily because I knew where to go find it through someone else's post he linked it in. This is bullshit. China is trying to censor the world. This is not right. Please share his post throughout Reddit among the comments so people will see what they are trying to do to us.
Serious question - does she really expect a “company of this size” to act responsibly?
It's a reasonable strategy. 

Keep players accounts open and then once the hype blows over they'll be far more likely to log back into an existing account than to start a new one from scratch down the road.
There’s one big thing that South Park did wrong in “band in China” is to put blizzard among the like of Disney. Who sell freedom and justice for Chinese money
Active [censorship ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfzlm8/this_is_odd/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
🇹🇼 🇹🇼 🇹🇼
I wonder how many people here will uninstall steam seeing as valve has many a millions tied up in China and has also engaged in censoring to please the chinese government. Something tells me that number might be pretty low.
THoughts on Kotick being involved with  Jeff Epstein?

&#x200B;

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEi2\_6am4ps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEi2_6am4ps)
If they won't delete your account, just remove all the information or change it to bogus information. REMOVE all of YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT cards especially. When this whole mess started, that was the first thing I did.
What's hilarious is that this technique will work. A sizable chunk of you bandwagoners will forget about this in a week and go back to playing...
This... This has to be illegal right?
If you're in the UK, you can write to them instructing them to send you all of the data they have on you - or delete it. It's under the new gdpr guidelines.

So if they won't let you delete your account, use this law to force them to do it for you. If they refuse, or don't do it within the time frame (I think a month) then you can sue them and/or report them to the authorities responsible for managing it.
Guess we're raiding Blizzard HQ in 2020
I've been trying to get a refund for Warcraft Reforged preorder since yesterday and all refund requests are automatically denied as soon as you submit them (EU). They ask you to submit a ticked to "manually solve this", but they didn't respond since yesterday either.

I saw people (US) saying they had their refund requests resolved immediately, but many people in EU seem to be unable to do so. I don't know what is Blizzard pulling.
Guess it’s time to drive to California.
This was proven false. He have to be better than this. Blizzard has done enough shitty things; we have no reason to make false claims.
keep pre-ordering Call of Duty, please help China to grow stronger
Honestly I think this is a good move on Blizzard's side.

When this shitshow eventually gets left in the past people will start regretting deleting their accounts and will start begging for their stuff back which just screws over everyone in the end.
Blizzard has been sucking Chinese money for long now
Am I the only one who’s pissed off by blizzards handling of this, yet unwilling to pretend I never played or enjoyed any of their games for some worthless internet posturing?
I really don’t think this is a right/left issue. I think this is something most people agree on.
EA: Man... We sure are the most hated gaming company of all time these days... No one can top our Suprise Mechanics.

Blizzard: *drunken mutters* HRRRR lemme get a shot
Boycott blizzard
Yo keep sucking china's dick Blizzard / Activision.
I sinserely hope this shit blizzard becomes a boat anchor for the company that never goes away.
I'd like to believe its blizzard being a dick, but seems likely there was an overload, not malice.
Maybe a dumb question, but isn't it kind of illegal to deny removing someone's account? It's technically personal information that they're keeping without your permission. Might just be in the EU though
Are you proud of what you've become, America?
Should be illegal
How to avoid losing 5% of stock market from a chinese company: Disable account deletion and post a "all players need to be treated equally, however" text wall.
Fake
It's going to be an interesting couple weeks for blizzard CS when people who delete their accounts realize they've thrown away things they've already paid for and open tickets to try to get it back. 

I mean it's one thing to cancel your WoW sub or refund an order, but deleting your Blizzard account just seems like robbing yourself of something you already paid for.
Ever try remembering your own security questions?
I smell a class action lawsuit
By this point, Blizzard has long lost my appreciation and any loyalty I might’ve had, and they just. Keep. Going. 

I would complain but the schadenfreude is just too sublime.
This is how you know the "we were just enforcing tournament rules" argument is bullshit.

If that was the case, then people should be free to delete their accounts.
Ability to delete your account seems to be back.
Vote with your wallet - if action is not taken by Blizzard to walk this back, reverse the narrative here, I'll never buy Blizzard again. Already submitted my request for account deletion.
blizzard need to end
it's CHINAZI's culture, please say no to CHINAZI
Mmhmm. We'll see what happens when Hearthstone 2, Overwatch 2, the next WoW, etc. comes out and gets straight 9's and 10's. Guarantee all their fans are buying day 1, if not preorder
I haven’t even looked at their financial reports so idk were I stand beyond I like COD
Is this grounds for a potential legal dispute? Anyone with some knowledge in law care to give some insight?
Finally WOW killer.
Call your credit card and tell them not to authenticate any "purchase" by blizzard and to do charge backs
If you wanted to delete your account (for any reason) and now you can't, an alternative is to get banned.
wow ... blizzard descends into mimicking communist governments keeping their people constrained and not allowing them to leave. We dont even need to meme them ... they are meme-ing themselves!
so, any confirmation on this? i know both the email code and secret question options both got denied on the first attempt of each for me and i'm NOT giving them my photo ID (that they request that in the first place simply to delete a persons account is HIGHLY suspicious and a great flaming red flag imo)...

but i don't know what this 4th method is. unless that might be getting a forum ban...if so...WOW...just wow...

but regardless of whether or not that's true, this is a majorly F'ed up situation and i've gone ahead and purged any and all billing info and changed what personal info i could to junk data on top of uninstalling bnet.

i'm not supporting this and i sure as heck am not supporting china and that company, tencent, that's been invading media here in the west.

epic games...now blizzard...hollywood for our movies (no, tencent...if YOU'RE the publisher of a movie, it's a guarantee on my part that i'll be pirating the movie if i decide to watch it. you're getting nothing at all from me.)...like the newest terminator movie.
Blizzard makes games and they are neutral about politics you idiots. Clearly that guy broke Blizzard's rules and they did a right thing.
When junkies revolt....

&#x200B;

You'll be back.

Once a cracker always a cracker...
Just wondering what did blizzard actually do? I've seen a bunch of posts about it but I don't know what's going on.
Keep at it. They can’t hold you all forever.
Since Blizzard won't let me remove my account, I've deleted all the data I can, and changed my battle net name to 'freehongkong'.

Best I can do
maybe in China, deleting your game account requires the Party's permission.
So they are censoring EVERYONE now? Thats how you fix an issue that was centered around censoring one person, censor everyone!! Good job blizz!
Just spam their request for ID pictures with horse dicks.
This is a simple fix. Say something about the Hong Kong protestors and get your account deleted.
I noticed this the other day and thought there was something up with their servers or what have you. Really scummy move on their behalf. I uninstalled their launcher from my PC so at least I can boycott them, too bad it can't be done permanently at the moment.
TURN THEM OVER TO THE BBB -- this is a government agency set up to investigate things like this -- they WILL take it seriously if you give them real information

[https://www.bbb.org/consumer-complaints/file-a-complaint/get-started](https://www.bbb.org/consumer-complaints/file-a-complaint/get-started)
I hope they know a lot of lawyers for the impending class action law suit. If course they do, since they are mostly Jewish.
IF WE CANNOT DELETE OUR ACCOUNTS THEN WE SHALL GET THEM PERMABANNED!
They just keep digging themselves deeper. Put the damn shovel down
So they are in effect forcing me to do business with a propaganda wing of the chinese communist party. thanks Blizzard.
So I am pretty shocked they would prevent account deletions. Wouldn’t this be considered illegal if their TOS did not previously state that accounts could not be deleted when you signed up?
This isn’t legal, is it? How might one go about lawyering up for this?
They want me to send them my ID scan. Is this even legal?
/r/OutOfTheLoop why people are trying to delete their accounts?
April fools?
Okay. Fine, let's play blizzard. Everyone change every name they can to FreeTibet or something like.
Blizzard has really gone downhill..
They are literally asking for government issued photo ID to delete your account. Holy fucking shit this can't be real LMAO. I'm sure people can sue about this, this is beyond petty
Good thing I never got a Blizzard account in the first place.
notice how all the top comments have barely any upvotes. sounds like someone are paying for downvotes haha
Guys it's a video game company. A video game company with a stance that affects your life in zero ways....
I think they've invested too much into the event to really pull out. They'd have to refund thousands of tickets. They'd lose probably a million or more dollars on that alone. The tickets start at $200, or $50 for a virtual ticket. 

I'm really curious what they're going to do. People are going to show up and there are going to be people in pro Hong Kong dress. Whether that be umbrellas, t-shirts, pins, to full on cosplay. That isn't even mentioning people who are going to try and sneak in signs or chant for Hong Kongs freedom.
At this point they might as well hold Blizzcon in China for all intent and Purpose. 

They called China "Our Country" in their apology TO China .... They didnt apologize to The player in Hong Kong or the Casters in Taiwan or their playerbase in the Western Countries but TO CHINA.

&#x200B;

They might as well move to China and sell their shitty games over there for all I care. 

&#x200B;

Why dont we just expel the company from the US and bar them from western markets so they can fully embrace their new communist party friends in China. Lets see how they like it over there since they seem so keen to suck China dicks for market share.
At this point going is tacit support
I think they’ll have to cancel it. If not they risk streaming a massive shitshow with audience chanting for Hong Kong. Massive balls/incompetence if they don’t.
Diablo immortal should be announced soon, I think they're counting on China market for huge chunk of revenue from it. Possibly more IPs on mobile for their market.
Or there will be "technical issue" with the Q&A section, or some bullshit like there was always harrassment KiLl Me PlEaSe...
I wonder what's even going to happen; on most reddit "boycotts" nothing ever happens because reddit is such a minority.
It will go on completely normally. Not even half of 1% of people in the US will care enough about this to make any kind of a scene. Also buying a ticket supports them so if you're boycotting them for this you won't be there.
It is not just about freeing Hong Kong. it is about freedom of speech and expression (which are rights) and that an American company which tencent has a petty 5% hold in values money and we have to make a stand.

South park as a series was banned over one episode. China would not hesitate to ban all Blizzard Activision games. It has too much to lose. This is why Blizzard Activision took such extreme measures.

This is without a doubt our last chance to prove that we value freedom over money.
Atendees should all dress as Hong Kong Mei!
We still have a little less of a month to go. They’re probably hoping people forget by that time. We need to make sure that doesn’t happen.
Idk, 80% of their playerbase probably haven't even heard about the drama. Many people don't care about professional scenes/tournaments at all, and not everyone is on reddit all day either.
They should set up a booth at Blizzcon specifically for account deletion.

It'll be the longest line at the convention.
Would China even allow it?
They’ve done that for years though. 7 years ago my account was hacked and got banned and I had to call support. They asked for a photo ID to verify that I was who I say I am. They just matched the name.

I mean it makes sense in this case for standard procedure to be an ID. If this China fiasco wasn’t happening, I wouldn’t want someone to be able to delete my account without that extra layer of security.
Thank you for commenting this
Thank you for posting this.

To add on to this post, you can still unsub to whatever you don’t want to play. But having to delete the actual account requires a much more involved process.

A friend of mine was suicidal and thought she was quitting forever. So she deleted her characters on WoW. A few bouts with depression later, she came back and regretted her decision and contact support to assist her. They recovered her account pre-deleting conditions.

Completely terminating an account to oblivion is not something companies will do. If the cause for deletion ends up being fraudulent, the company can be placed in a difficult situation.

I understand people are upset with what’s going on, but be careful to not be a victim of sensationalism.
Don't forget to also explain how Blizzard isn't actually preventing account deletion in the first place.

This tweet's been making its rounds and because it's the current popular topic on the Internet, it's being treated as absolute gospel with no actual proof behind it.

(Some folks *are* having issues deleting their accounts. Keyword being "some." There is no systemic account-delete-block in place. That's absurd to even consider (what exactly does Blizzard gain from doing that, outside getting snubbed more online?).)
I really have to wonder about anyone who read "... to actively stop people from **deleting** their accounts." and thought "Oh my gosh they're preventing people from *unsubscribing*?"
https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/dfoct4/so_now_blizzard_have_disabled_all_four/f356pcb?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Someone reported that they showed photo ID but still got their request denied
So the Chinese government wants our faces too, eh?
I have my battlenet account with only 5€ on it, i don't have any games there(since Destiny migrated thankfully), so why should I share my photo ID?

My identification document is worth more than sending it to a company in which I have no trust to hold that information secure.

Specially because this was not clearly communicated to me when creating the account as a needed process.
It makes sense that they’d require identification when forfeiting all purchases and accounts.
Do you mind explaining why people are deleting their blizzard accounts? I’m out of the loop. What did they do?
Deletion is a right under GDPR so I'm pretty sure this is illegal in the EU
Sadly, the crowd that already had a major hate boner against Blizzard won't see this reason, they're too busy with their outrage culture. 

They are not preventing the deletion of accounts, but the safety steps remain, as they should to prevent any hacker from just deleting the account they've taken. Duh.
After submitting my ID, the same one I've used for a decade, they denied my request.
> it appears they are asking for a photo I.D.

...and not accepting it. 

I've twice tried submitting a deletion request, submitting my photo ID, but neither time has it actually gone through. First time it failed with no error message, second time with a message to say it didn't work.

I've submitted a ticket. They've got 30 days to comply, or it's an ICO complaint.
You think you want basic human rights, but you dont.
Hijacking this to spread this as far as possible.

Activision CEO Bobby Kotick linked to Jeffery Epstein 

https://youtu.be/kEi2_6am4ps
[removed]
You committed the ultimate cardinal sin, you got personal. You, as a team of professionals trying to make money, got personal. You got personal and decided to insult your playbase, calling us "[censored]" and "[removed]". Not a wise move.

We won't forget this. You've set a new tone for the kind of interaction we'll be having with you. It's a cold one. One where there aren't any illusions about the reality of the situation. Previous notions of "family" are dead. We are mere consumers to you, and that is obvious.

You have chosen to bring in a new era of hostility and bitterness. Well done. Great PR move.
Honestly I think this is a good sign. If they’re not allowing people to delete their own accounts that means that there are enough people deleting the accounts to have an impact. I believe there’s more people hating Blizzard than it may seem. 

We should try pushing against them more and I’m sure they’d cave.
what if you have no money in your account they are charging the subscription from?
The worst thing to happen to blizzard was Activision
Also break off from Activision. Blizzard went to shit when the two merged.
He fckd star wars Galaxy also, before coming to Blizzard.
Either that or buy black Blizzard from Activi$ion and go back to being private.
<This comment was deemed inappropriate by the PRC and has been moderated>
Holy mother of hyperbole Batman
BUMP
In the UK at least we have a right to be forgotten. Blocking this and keeping our details on record is a crime
Why does everyone assume democracy is best? O_O it has never really worked in the Middle East, Latin America or China/Russia. Different countries can have differing ways of governing.
At the risk of being labeled a shill.... never attribute malice to something that can be explained by incompetence.

This is ten thousand percent a technical issue. Too many people trying to access the webpage overloading it.

The people posting these things is unfortunately are scaremongering (even if it's not done on purpose). People don't know what they're talking about -> see something negative -> their brain makes a leap of logic -> it happens to be the things that helps their case the most -> you get this.

Not saying you shouldn't delete your account if you want, but don't place such an idiotic level of evil on what is absolutely a technical issue.
The Donald should too. Democracy and the rule of law must be followed as set by the constitution and articles of impeachment.
Hot take I dont think this is brack.. (or maybe i at least don't want to think its brack haha). Blizzard weimo ( not 100% sure if thats what its called) account apologized to China and and said simething about their proud country. I'd like to think that these actions were all from the China subsidiaries that control Blizzard business but a lack of Brack's response or anything (other than 'regular' employees deleting their own wow subs and covering up the every voice matters) im most likely wrong. I Would also like to think pre-activison blizzard wouldnt have done this
Brack is a puppet. The big bois are pulling the real strings. "President" is literally a meaningless title.
Don't worry. This isn't true. Blizzard is not stopping folks from deleting accounts.
How so? He is getting Blizzard access to over a billion people in a country with a growing middle class and disposable income.
He might not have to resign, the board will remove him if this keeps up. They are going to take a huge financial hit, and it would be a PR nightmare if they did a mass firing like they did earlier this year to appease shareholders. Only makes sense to remove the CEO when he is responsible for the decline of a company.

Next step is to get investors to sell off shares of blizz, a smart investor would already be pulling out because they are going to be losing money after all this
What is the language you use to describe actual atrocities? Were you defending Rosanne Barr's freedom of speech with such fervour?
This is something that has always been done so that someone cant just delete an account with potentially hundreds or thousands of dollars in it. They have always required photo id for this kind of thing. If you want to unsub from wow you can easily.
China has a playerbase the size of the US population. Ofc they're going to try to stay on China's good side.
He probably has little to no say in what is going on I'm afraid. If we want to blame someone it's the upper big dogs.
Look at the cool guy that curses
No, you are thinking of Valve
[removed]
[removed]
Small indie company? They’re a publicly traded company.
They not only defamed him, but also took away the prize money he rightfully won?

Oh he's talking to lawyers.
Probably not in/from China.
i just have the same question.  Could I sue it if it does not allow me to delete my personal information.
> You can sue for that.

You can. But you'll probably lose. Blizzard Tournament ToS are so vague that they can exclude anyoneand recind prize money basically without giving any justification. That's a risk you take by participating in their tournaments.

People should stop doing it. But hey.
You can also sue for false allegations since this turned out to be a technical error.
Just call your bank and tell them charges to blizzard entertainment are no longer authorized.
I've seen people sue for less than this shit so no idea how you come to that conclusion.
Is this just an US thing? 

Im from EU and I just deleted my battle.net account in few minutes without any ID or issues.

Edit: I realized that blizzard might ask for my ID before the deletation is finalized. As of T+5 hours, after sending the ticket they havent asked anything. Finland btw
They need it to PROVE you own the email address.  Cuz you know, i can't just send them an email from that address.
They want it so they can pass the info on to China, for the official record of Hong Kong supporters.
Can someone help us delete our accounts without showing government ID? I really dont trust them with it.
So they can report you to China.
If you only have a government ID, and that is military, let them know it is literally against the law to reproduce it in any way.  No pictures, nothing, and them asking you to commit a felony is ridiculous.

https://www.dcmilitary.com/tester/news/local/reminder-photocopying-military-government-ids-illegal/article_9bb1237c-9070-57d8-9c4a-a2be6ed6dddb.html
They want to prove you're you.  MMO accounts getting hacked has been a problem for 20 years.  Prior to deleting things, they tend to verify you're you, because deletions are permanent for the most part.  Sony also asks for proof of identity for similar things in regards to Everquest
> THEY ARE ASKING FOR MY GOVERNMENT ID

All for the hate on activision blizzard, but they have asked for this since forever.

Not for everything, but from time to time. I remember I had to show my ID when I was claiming my account after it got stolen etc. 
Doesn't feel too far fetched that they'd ask you to prove it's you deleting your account. 

Rather have it like that than that anyone could delete your account if they got access.
I had to give them my ID when recovering my account after being hacked, this isn't a new thing, this was months back, and not related.
Blizzard has always asked for government ID for stuff like that. I had to show my ID to change the e-mail linked to my account.

This isn't new.
You know it is less about the ID specifically and more about the fact that someone who is up to no good would be less likely to hand over any information that would get them arrested if they were being malicious. Im sure people are taking advantage of the chaos and the locking accounts is alot less Blizzard is being bad and more consumer protection.
Perhaps your ID and photo get put into a "file" "somewhere". Don't ever try going to china, might be "detained" on "landing". Sketchy times
I was asked for mine when I had to remove my authenticator after I'd lost it and then again when I got locked out of my account many years ago. Sounds like something they do for big account changes.

It was still super uncomfortable sending them a photo of my passport... I really hate doing that.
They’re gonna hand over the ID info of anyone China wants.
If I were a sadist at blizzard I'd forward your government ID to the PRC to put you on an exit blacklist for going against the party by deleting your account.
They always asked for ID when it comes to account issues. They ask for OD, because you had to give them a name when you first created your account. They are just checking if the name on the ID and the name they got in their database matches up, thus proving it is your account.
Can someone ELI5, why do people need to delete the account instead of just stop using it or de-activate? I'm so confused by this and cant get an answer anywhere
To be fair if it didn’t require ID then it just require someone to hack your email and delete all your games/loot and that seems awful. They wan’t ID to prevent hackers from deleting peoples account
When I deleted my old account many years ago, I had to send a letter with a copy of passport. Had no idea you could ever delete an account digitally.
If they won’t let you cancel your account, you can dispute any charges from them with your bank/cc company and not pay them. Probably.
What is a government ID?
Because china needs your government id :)
This isn't new guys. It's to prevent you from accidentally loosing everything you've purchased digitally. Once it's gone it's gone. Your game licenses, card packs, skins, etc etc... You can easily stop your subscription without jumping through these hurdles.
hey you don't need an ID to vote for the president but you do to delete your blizzard account.  welcome to America.
* Yes, you can delete your account.
* Your ID has been required for quite some time. This is not new, and has nothing to do with China.

Today people are learning that deleting an account that is tied to money, purchases, digital ownership ("licensing" if you want to be anal about it) is made hard so that irreversible action isn't done accidentally or maliciously.
Try deleting your payment methods
I recovered a hacked account before and I needed to send them my ID. It's really not a big deal. They already have all your information and credit card numbers and any other information blizz collects off your accounts and devices. It's a security measure against people deleting your account against your will. 

Dont let blizz attempts to slow you down work. It's a tactic to save themselves.
I think it’s their standard practice to verify that it’s actually you requesting to delete your account. When my account got hacked I had to send them a picture of my ID for them to reset it for me.
Data mining for China.
theyve done this forever.  Its so that if you get hacked they literally cannot delete your account without confirming its you beyond a doubt.
I had this issue, I think they fixed their system now. I was FINALLY after three days, able to submit my deletion request.
Blizzard: Do you guys not have phones?
They did that back in 2017 too tho
With how deep they are in China's pocket that just sounds like they're asking you to dox yourself.
Can confirm - they want to see my ID to delete the account, despite me not providing my ID when I signed up.
If you submit it they will tell you that the account removal isn't applicable in your region. So you'll have sent them your i.d for nothing.
This is crazy how they want govt photo ID.  TO VERIFY THAT WE ACTUALLY OWN THE EMAIL ADDRESS??  Fuckin gotta be shittin me, i can send them an email BOOM PROOF!  They're farming faces for their database tryin to get something even from leavers.
This is all bullshit for sure, but Blizzard asks for photo ID when all other authentication fail. When I needed to transfer my authenticator to a new device and didn't have the old one anymore, I had to send my picture ID to them.
Although now they are using this as an obstacle to unsubscribe as oopose to the last layer of security.
Rings major alarm bells with me.
I got that too. Also, it is difficult to take a photo of your ass with a tablet, so I sent them a picture of a snorlax instead. Hopefully that'll do.
They always ask for ID. I contacted customer service a year ago and they wanted one just so i could submit a ticket.
Well duh.. that’s how they give your info to china so if you ever go there they know to send you to the organ harvesting facility.
[deleted]
Which has always been the case for action with high account security. Changed my email-address in 2006, had to submit my ID for obvious reasons. But I guess even in a time before Acti-Blizz they send everything to China. Logic is out the window.
to be fair that's just smart policy. imagine if someone got a hold of your account/computer and they just deleted thousands hours of your progress.
This is normal.  If somebody entered your account they could easily delete it without validation.  And Blizzard is legally required to WIPE every bit of data relating to your account if you do, so there is no do-overs.  The ID requirement is normal and SHOULD be in place.
This isn't a new thing, I had to give a picture of my driver's license when recovering my account after being hacked, this was 2/3 months ago.

Not related to the Hong Kong stuff at all.
If you enable sms auth you can use that. (just did that)
Yeah, that didn't go well for me. http://reddit.com/r/news/comments/dfn3yi/blizzard_employees_staged_a_walkout_after_the/f34xd4v
If you're in the EU and have an account, hit them with data requests. Request your game data here: https://eu.battle.net/support/en/help/product/services

Doing this will put strain on them as they have to get all your data, check it, etc... Takes them up to 30 days per person.
Oh I'd send them a picture of myself... 

Too bad they failed to specify WHICH part of myself.
Yeah, couldn't delete as they want a government issued ID to delete my account to verify it's me. They have never had id off me before, how can they verify anything?
For UK Residents, you should write a letter using the ICO template  
[https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/raising-concerns/](https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/raising-concerns/)   
to this location:  
[https://ico.org.uk/ESDWebPages/Entry/Z1095341](https://ico.org.uk/ESDWebPages/Entry/Z1095341) 

From there, if there is no response, then you can submit a complaint to the ICO about infringement of my data. Why do they need more personal data to delete your personal data? They don't.
They've had this method of authentication in place for quite some time. I had to use it once because of an issue I was having when I switched from the authenticator to the phone app, or vice versa. But when I went to delete my account I got denied immediately, when I tried using SMS or the authenticator. I'll gladly submit my photo ID to part ways with these fuckers [(and I did)](https://imgur.com/a/oHQYVV6). Certainly not afraid.
Which they've done for years.

Which other companies do too, when dealing with accounts tied to purchases and such, to prevent account compromises from resulting in your account being nuked by someone who took it over.

This is not new, but folks are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
They've done this for years.
To the people saying or implying this is abnormal: They and many other companies have been doing this for years. I went through this several years ago with LinkedIn and more than 7 years ago with blizzard. I’m not saying it’s the best method, or that it doesn’t put your identity at risk, I’m just saying it’s common. Thinking that it’s nefarious because it’s uncommon is wrong.
Photoshop the numbers to somthing. They don't have the means or legal grounds to even verify your Driver's license #
[deleted]
Please in the future be explicit, don’t be vague like that. These will likely be aggregated by a database search function, and your comment won’t be in the PowerPoint to execs under “duck you cuz HK” bucket. Yeah you quit at the right time, but your message wasn’t heard and you’ll be lumped under the “other” bucket.

For people planning on canceling, be explicit not snarky
Cancelling sub and deleting account is not the same thing.
You'll be able to cancel your sub, buy full on deleting your account is a different issue right now.
That comment won't do shit because nobody is reading that. It's all about keywords. "FREE HONG KONG! REVOLUTION OF OUR TIME!" is what you should put in your message, that will register correctly in their database.
I canelled my subscription but it lasts until December so as a wow player I encourage people to get into their panda skins and protest that way.
* You can still cancel your subscription.
* Account deletion has not been disabled. A few people having trouble is not the same thing as "Blizzard is blocking everyone from deleting accounts."

Be at peace. You can still unsubscribe and delete your account. Don't fall into the conspiracy circlejerk.
Join us at /r/ffxiv instead.
I’m sorry but a video game company required your drivers license number? I’ve apparently never created an account with them but that seems like an unnecessarily invasive piece of personal info for a video game company to have.
I got the same bullshit. I did my license, # redacted. The site threw an error. Then i got the ok, we got it, but you have  month to reconsider.
Exact same thing happened when I tried to delete my account yesterday right after the news broke... I'd only ever used it once for an Overwatch free weekend.
Literally same against thing happened to me
That's illegal in a lot of countries
Are we positive we didnt just crash it with traffic mass canceling? I just dont like to go off half cocked.
Do I hear the sound of a court case
Accept no half measures of mea culpas. Settle for nothing less than full cancelations and full refunds.
Wouldn’t you just stop payment from your bank? Or do a chargeback?
This isn't illegal in most of the US. Only CA has protections similar to the GDPR. If you live in any of the other states, you're fucked.
A class action lawsuit because you have to wait a few days to delete a free gaming account? Sheesh you guys lead the best lives.
You can also refute the charge through your credit card company and tell them the company refuses to cancel your account.
Ah true American way, sue every body for everything.
EA can get fucked too
This will be extremely hard for WoW players to do because that means losing up to or more than a decade of their life. It’s the right thing to do, but definitely hard.
I'm probably gonna get trounced for this but Blizz asking for govt ID is not some new thing.

My account is from 2006 and there have been a few instances over the years (ie. I moved countries and needed to change my address, or remove an authenticator) where I have been asked to send them a picture of my passport etc.

People being upset with Blizz is definitely understandable given what happened, but losing your heads over a layer of account security that has been in place for quite some time is just silly. Especially considering how rampant account hacking is.

*Edit - Cancelling your wow sub for example doesn't require ID. You just follow the steps.
The ID isn't for canceling a subscription. It's to close out your account permanently.
They already have your credit card information, billing address, email, and any other information they collect off your accounts, and they collect info off any device you use blizz products on too.

They already have all that information, an ID doesnt give them anything they dont already have on you.
Unfortunately they could (and probably will) still ask for your id before giving you the possibility to exercise your rights over your personal data (including the right to be forgotten).
Imma go full GDPR on their asses, it is part of my job to apply and uphold this EU direktive and I tell you it is not a toothless law. If Blizzard do not comply in a timely manner it will cost them dearly. I hope the US catches up and implement similar laws.
Do you have any sort of proof of your claim that it's "very likely" China will end up with your ID?
This is a good chant!
Oh, and then you throw the rock! Clever!
Activision.
Get banned. Log into any game you've got and spam chat with anti CCP messages.
no its not
It's common procedure to ask for ID to identify you for completely removing your data (removing all traces of all cd keys that you own, so they're lost forever).

Have fun wasting your time.
As I'm in the EU, please do tell me more
>You're going to harm those at the bottom first who have no control over this matter.

Who do you mean?
Of course that's what's happening. But for all cool kids on reddit, that wouldn't be as nice as a story that let's them show how morally superior they are than evil corporations, is it?
Pretty sure at least 90% will myself included
Eh
Yes, you are supposed to be able to delete your account the same way you made it. It can't be made harder to unsubscribe from something, then it is to subscribe to it.
Let me check that on my phone... /s
I am though ;)
Then why are they also denying account deletion when you do supply an ID?
I mean people are getting on this first try with correct info, it's not just one person I've seen over a thousand posts from different people in the past 24 hrs getting the same thing
I'm usually cynical about that stuff myself, but from the looks of this thread it's actually really happening to everyone trying to delete their account.
Ooook so why is there alot of people saying the same shit? You just suckint blizzards dick?
The comments in this thread suggest it’s happening to many people, even including government ID to verify authenticity. Seems odd.
I tried to delete my account for the first time yesterday with email code and got the same message even though I'd only ever used my account for one weekend during Lunar New Year.
It's very naive of you to think that china will stop affecting corporations in a couple of years.
Given that Tencent owns a majority of the company replacing the CEO isn't going to fix anything.
They've always had this security. As someone that's come back from holiday to hijacked accounts I'm glad they couldn't delete my purchases.
Don’t be blinded by the fiasco that is happening with China. This layer of protection have been around for a long time. This is to prevent someone who got your account details to easily delete away your licenses to your games, which may be worth quite a bit.
Activision happened.
At the risk of being labeled a shill.... never attribute malice to something that can be explained by incompetence.

This is ten thousand percent a technical issue. Too many people trying to access the webpage overloading it.

The people posting these things is unfortunately are scaremongering (even if it's not done on purpose). People don't know what they're talking about -> see something negative -> their brain makes a leap of logic -> it happens to be the things that helps their case the most -> you get this.

Not saying you shouldn't delete your account if you want, but don't place such an idiotic level of evil on what is absolutely a technical issue.
Since 2002 China has gone from a regional power, to a world-wide power house, solely because corporations needing to keep the beast that is capitalism fed sent nearly all our manufacturing there. Over the past 17 years+ it grew their economy into one of the largest in the world. Now that economy is being sought out by every corporation in the west to tap into on the consumer side to keep feeding the capitalism beast.  This means these companies are now beholden to Chinese interests and going to start pushing totalitarian policies back into the west. With the other Chinese censorship happening in the US this is the mask starting to come off.
It's called the junta, you just haven't given a reason to the police or military to intervene and restore order in favour of the oppressive regime and their corporations.
What are you talking about? You think you can easily delete a steam account and permanently wipe out every game you've ever purchased? No, they want to verify it's you. You can easily stop a subscription from Blizzard. You just click cancel subscription. But deleting everything game you've ever purchased is slightly harder and for good reason.
[removed]
Pretty much this. Also, if so many people are trying to use this feature, it might make sense that they'd lock it until things calm down. I'm not sure if something like this can only handle a certain amount of traffic.
[removed]
That's like saying Walmart should be allowed to lock you in the store until you buy something if you choose to stop shopping at Walmart !
Do you really believe what you're saying? I'm seriously asking.

Like, you think blizzard and it's employees have a stance, and if they have one, it's FOR the bad things happening in China?

You don't think they have the contractual obligation to apply the rules to their contracts, seeing as how they are one of the only companies the Chinese govt hand picks to sell their games? You think they wanted this? You think if they didn't China couldn't literally be just like "bye, lol" and half of blizz's marketshare wouldn't disappear overnight including thousands of jobs and millions over millions lost for its stockholders?

All of you people are only here to boost your egos, big talkers acting like you're so morally superior.

You're completely ignorant to what actually is going on and you're not doing shit but being sheeps trying to look cool.

It's pathetic and sad.
ok bootlicker
Do you have a link to the tweet?
Because I trust Blizzards PR when their Chinese Weibo account basically said we dont support free speech, long live China; After telling the west, :we support free speech" after banning a player for speaking his opinion.
they posted nothing on twitter.
If you are ignorant of the atrocities before and then learned of it  and took appropriate action, that's not exactly bandwagoning.
So basically all forms of social change are invalid? Go back to r/sino, you shill.
That's because people didn't understand what China was. Now they do.
What has understanding something to do with caring about something.

Ofcourse there is a hatetrain and thats a good thing, things rarely change without a revolution even if it is a "soft" one.

But i wonder..don't you care about anything in our world?
you stupid man
Here's your 3.50 in social credit, shill.
“Yeah people care for this issue, but they are not caring for it PROPERLY. An American private company issues massive, sweeping punishments motivated by a totalitarian regime’s requirements and suddenly everyone gets their panties in a twist!”
You got the Big dumb
From what I’ve heard the winner of one of their tournaments was from Hong Kong. When he was interviewed he gave his support for the riots

Blizzard then took the win and the cash prize (thousand something or other) off of him and banned him from playing professionally for a year all because he said 8 words. Now they’re going into full damage control to try and keep people from boycotting them
Attention
Just tried, they're manually reviewing the IDs too now.
Edit: My request got rejected
It’s appreciative when ppl take some time to think first rather than start flinging shit immediately. These sensitive situations are easy times for misinformation to go around and have your emotions taken advantage of.
I see a thread on Blizzard's EU forums going as far back as 2012 inquiring as to why a photo ID is necessary to open a support ticket. This is just on a cursory glance at Google results. I am not sure when they implemented the policy, but it does not appear to be in response to this recent backlash.  [https://eu.battle.net/forums/en/d3/topic/5848116640](https://eu.battle.net/forums/en/d3/topic/5848116640) 

&#x200B;

Still think Blizzard sucks.
Personally blizzard has required my Id back in BC/WotLK to confirm it was me when I was hacked so I know it’s been their policy for major account things in the past. Doesn’t seem new tbh.
I wonder if they’re up from when I bought or down
Golden
XiWinnieThePooh
Hong Kong Hearthstone player Blitzchung was banned from the Hearthstone Grandmasters, had the prize money he already won rescinded, and suspended for a year after saying, “Liberate Hong Kong! Revolution of our age.” During an interview. The two casters who were conducting the interview were also fired.
They banned a chinese hearthstone player and stole all of his winnings, because during his interview, he said he wanted to raise awareness for freedom of speech in china.
You just gave me the best idea for a costume for Blizzcon. Thanks!
By cancellimg your CC, you're just deleting your payment method. Your account would still exist.
You can tell the credit card issuer that they aren't letting you cancel and to disallow future payments.
This actually sounds like a win-win idea, get your account banned or destroy their games.
They won't though because at this point they are way past caring about laws
Before you get downvotes up your butt, I stand with you on that. Blizz was fucked either way cause some edgy teen couldn t pick the right channel for his (legitimate) appeals.
Yes. Now crawl back into your hole.
Can Americans make a GDPR request?
Because everyone wants attention. Lmao
"it's not about the money it's about sending a message"
A pro Hearthstone player spoke up in support of the Hong Kong protestors and Blizzard banned him for a year, denied him his winnings, and also fired two commentators who happened to be covering his game at the time.
Genocide is great! We welcome our Chinese censors in our homes and hearts.
Imagine being this ignorant
Then wtf did they fire 2 casters that did nothing wrong? That move sparked this shit, not the previous.

Do their "All voices matter" shit still there?
A pro Hearthstone player spoke up in support of the Hong Kong protestors and Blizzard banned him for a year, denied him his winnings, and also fired two commentators who happened to be covering his game at the time.
If it fits their agendas, nothing else matters
A pro Hearthstone player spoke up in support of the Hong Kong protestors and Blizzard banned him for a year, denied him his winnings, and also fired two commentators who happened to be covering his game at the time.
A pro Hearthstone player spoke up in support of the Hong Kong protestors and Blizzard banned him for a year, denied him his winnings, and also fired two commentators who happened to be covering his game at the time.
Lol. This is not plausible in any way shape or form. Trying to defend it is stupid and ignorant.
this actually makes a lot of sense, but at the same time, what would a hacker gain from deleting someone's account?
If you or someone knows what's stopping them or any company from sending you only information that would want to send you
You mean EU? Yes, it's illegal.
I'm in So Cal and I'm planning to show up with a sign.
Even the method with photo ID is blocked. ALL methods.
And now my support tickets are all gone? i might have to go GDPR on these bitches
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-erasure/
Not for Americans. Only European/EU citizens fall under this right. And than you may have to send an email or letter to get them your account deleted. I think they don't have to have an online functionality for this.
I don’t think you understand how pirating a game works....
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-erasure/
This needs to be stickied
It is in Europe
I’m sure there’s going to be a lot of people that believe this is true without reading anything past a headline.
As a EU citizen, I was just in on my account trying at first to request my personal information, and later delete my account, so this is fresh: You can request that they delete your account, however, they request that you submit a picture of your ID-card. Which is overkill, from my point of view. So if you don't trust how they handle your data, you have to submit even more, sensitive, data?
Yeah, that seems like a rational statement..
LOL
So you have commented six times. Yet never bothered to read about what you are commenting on?
Essentially Blizzard banned a Hearthstone tournament champion for saying "liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our age", fired the two casters interviewing him and their Chinese branch made a public apology saying they'd uphold China's honor or something.
[I did.](https://i.imgur.com/XbwBEEC.jpg)  And I'm hardly alone.
It's true.  After talking to them on the phone I had to submit a ticket with a picture of my ID to get my deletion processed.
BBB is basically Yelp before Yelp.  They only have an authoritative sounding name because they have the word "Bureau" in their name.  They even say it themselves: "Although we greatly help consumers and businesses through information and business self-regulation, we are not a government agency, nor do we have law enforcement powers. "
You don't have to report anything, your bank will block anyone on request
Yes it is I’m dealing with that issue right now. They are not letting me delete my account. They have demanded that I provide a picture of my drivers license that I never even gave them to begin with. They originally said when I was going through that I have the option to choose how we want to be verified to delete our account and then once I got to the area where you could choose it said the only option I had was a legal ID.
Don’t do it they’ll demand your drivers license just so that you can delete your account
lol as if our president gives a shit he’s backing china too
DELETE the account, not UNSUBBING
Hearthstone pro expressed support for Hong Kong protest after winning a tournament.  Was banned for a year and had his winnings rescinded.  The two casters working the stream at the time were also fired.  The VOD was deleted.  And now they're actively obstructing peoples ability to delete their accounts while simultaneously banning people that have changed their battletag to things resembling "FreeHongKong"

And Blizzard supposedly apologized to China instead of Hong Kong.  I say supposedly as I haven't read any reputable articles yet (haven't done a big search either though.  Relax!)

That about sums it up I think?
As a developer who writes software and websites that must comply with GDPR: Yes, it's illegal.
That's how an ideal state is made bro.
You sacrifice small things that go against YOUR morality
It never went away
Thanks, Luke.
Wow died with the release of Cata, lets be real.
If done illegitimately this will have consequences for the card owner. Think carefully about this..
Only the smartest people start their arguments by calling the other side idiots. Always gets the intelligent ball rolling..
Why did the interviewers got fired? They didn't ask about his political views
When Blizzard decided to punish someone for freely expressing their thoughts — a democratic virtue — Blizzard *made* it political. They sided with authoritarians and murderers. They rejected free expression, and elevated totalitarianism.

That is political.
Cracker? Did you mean crackhead?
A heartstone pro player said smth pro HK, they banned him and the casters leading his interview. ANd now reddit is angry :D
Wow, such a warrior
You can process the account deletion if you use the option right below the 4 buttons to submit a ticket with a picture of your ID.
BBB isn't a government organization, that's a common misconception.  They are entirely commercial.
That's because they didn't
Get a grip, the OP was mistaken
Yes
Get you shit together. Blizzard and many companies have required photo I'd for stuff like this since forever.
Ahead of the curve. All their games made after D2 LOD have been trash Nyway.
For many people,  this is the first time they have heard about what's going on in China now.  Blizzard is trying (badly) to limit how many people learn about it.  I'd say that's a pretty big affect on people's lives
$50. . . for. . . for a *virtual* ticket?
Don't forget the pro-ccp who might show up. They showed up to many pro HK rallies in other countries and even threatened the gay pride parade in canada.
Waitwhat? People pay $200 for Blizzcon????
> I think they've invested too much into the event to really pull out.

Right on. The event is less than 4 weeks away with 10-thousands of estimated visitors. A lot of Blizzard employees will be there. Hotels and Flights are booked. Venue is being prepared.

They won't pull out. They'll just weather the storm. In 3-4 months, people will have forgotten. And they can work with the dip in subscribers and accounts.

Sucks, but that's what's gonna happen.
Mh full denial if I'd guess. Blizzcon is first and foremost a marketing thing. They want to announce and hype their new stuff and probably want to avoid anything else at all cost.

Camera is mostly fixated on the stage and doesn't show the audience, abandoning QAs is probably too obvious but either pre-recorded or at least set questions that come with overblown counteractions if someone goes off the script. People with obvious political messages get a warning/thrown out and the signs removed etc.

Honestly, I don't even think they'll do a lot different than the years before. If they have open QAs with scripted question it's up to the people if they want to sacrifice their stay and probably blizz account to shout out pro HK support. It anyway will be more fun to watch this year.
It doesn't matter to them, they'll be insured on most things. It's the regular people who'll lose out
Security won't let people get through and there will be no open Q&A section. You'll probably see some HK flags in the public that will be promptly invited to leave and that's it.
Not show it in China?  Pretty easy for them.
The guards will take care of them really fast, that's nothing to worry about for Blizzard
>I'm really curious what they're going to do.

Pretty simple really:
"No political messaging or symbols permitted inside the Blizzcon event space. Anyone found to be displaying messaging on signs, symbols or their clothing, will be asked to leave, and their tickets revoked. All patrons are subject to search upon entry."

It's a private event, they can do what they want. They don't give a crap about the stink being caused right now over this issue, you think they'll care what a few Americans add to the already saturated hate-train online?
I'll take anyones ticket they dont want I just want games and stuff
A million bucks is nothing to them. Just a simple suckle of CHina's tip will give them twice that.
If it was canceled, they'd already be out of pocket after refunds. Caterers, security, the venue, etc. all have deposits. I helped put together an event last year at a 20K cap venue in California, and all the money was due up front and non refundable to an extent. 

They will lose at least $400-600k if this event is cancelled in a venue that size. Lots of moving parts that require payment up front. 

However, they'd probably sooner cancel than deal with red shirts.
*$50?!* I can buy nice food for that!!
I will be cosplaying at Blizzcon this year. I had my cosplay done a few weeks ago, I am starting some revisions to accommodate some pro HK elements
Wait, virtual ticket? Is that like how people use their phone as a bus pass? Or are people paying to stream a convention at $50 a pop?

OK, I googled it to not be a moron, it's pretty much exactly what I thought it was. Gross.
The Chinese branch of Blizzard called China,"our country". It doesn't make it any less shitty, just pointing it out.
Where can i find that apology, i would really like to read it
They're essentially a zombie-company. "Money! Money! Need money!" No regard for human life, dignity, self-respect, etc... To hell with them.
> They might as well move to China and sell their shitty games over there for all I care.

This is exactly how I feel.  You want the Chinese market so bad?  Fine.  Go have it.  GTFO
Where's  Joseph McCarthy when we need one?
Just pointing out that the actual text does not say "our country", it says "国家" which means "country". Because of how tightly coupled the Chinese language is with China, "country" by default means "China". Inserting "our" is one way to translate this but it may give an incorrect connotation.
Here’s the thing though.. companies that “care” about human rights and doing the right thing only do so for brownie points and to look good to their customer base.. that’s literally how it works.
cause we dont want to become the very thing we fight against
Yes sir. Amen
Agreed.  Tariffs do not work.

Just bar entry to the market.  And make extra sure that Blizzard pays every thin red dime they owe in taxes, and then some.
**Donald Trump entered the chat**
This is a bit beyond reddit. You even have democrats and republicans agreeing and calling out Blizzard for bending over backwards to suck on the chinese teet.
They wont even let you in most likely if you bring anything related to HK.
Only if the games are heavily censored and they all pledge aliance to china and the party.
But I’ve already sharpened my pitch fork!
If the China fiasco wasn't happening there wouldn't be a single person whining about the ID-required thing, and this person's tweet would not have gone viral.

But "confirmation bias is a fallacy" goes out the window when you're preaching to a circlejerk.
[deleted]
I had 2 accounts that I deleted last night, both accounts gave me an error for the other authentication methods, so some people were upset it was an obvious tactic to slow people down. I think the people saying "I wont send them my ID" are just using that as an excuse to not delete their accounts, and is exactly what blizz is hoping for. 

Either way they are going to have a lot of explaining to do to their share holders. Remeber when they fired 800+ people earlier this year because they didnt meet their expected growth? That was to appease share holders. 

Now theyve had so many people deleting and unsubbing they are taking measure to slow it down. People need to keep this up, it's working.
>Completely terminating an account to oblivion is not something companies will do.

They will have to for their EU customers. GDPR law and such.
>Don't forget to also explain how Blizzard isn't actually preventing account deletion in the first place.

I agree. At the time I know *some* people were having this problem. I just didn't want to dump any fuel on that fire.
I think lots of people didn't even know you could actually delete your battle.net account and scour it from the face of the earth.
I know, and that's dicked up, but AFAIK it's not actually disabled. I've seen plenty of screenshots of people successfully doing it.

Not sure why some people are having issues and some aren't. I didn't really want to get into he said/she said stuff though.
Well they certainly want your organs, not sure if they're after your face yet.
>I have my battlenet account with only 5€ on it, i don't have any games there(since Destiny migrated thankfully), so why should I share my photo ID?

Probably because the CS goon that's going to delete your account needs it to have permission to do it.

>My identification document is worth more than sending it to a company in which I have no trust to hold that information secure.

Then don't. IIRC you can tell them to lock the account if you want.
No, it doesn't.
Let's let the lawyers handle the legal stuff. Just handle your own affairs with the systems in place for now. We can obfuscate the actual message with internet lawyerings later... or never. I'd prefer never.
Chances are their server/customer support is overloaded. 

They never planned for so many people to cancel everything so the systems set up can't handle it.

There doesn't need to be some grand conspiracy like blizzard preventing people from leaving.
not got my notification yet either after going through the process.
Oh no, an ICO complaint! What shall they do?
Do you guys not have basic human rights?
As a previous hearthstone competitive player I am disgusted with Blizzard that they singled out a player and destroyed their career. I hope Chung “Blitzchung” Ng Wai has a bright future and this sets an example for the rights of professional e-sports players in the future.
J. Allen Brack knows you want to say "basic shareholders rights "
Xi has always said that what we in the Western world consider "human rights" is of no interest to them. "It doesnt work in China".
[removed]
Activision, known tax evaders and purveyors of casinos for children, would never be so unethical! /s
Well he does have that look to him.
Whew boy
No shit.
Hey SidAlpha is a great guy. Someone get the guy in here!
Let remember what Blizzard is at it's core.

It's a distraction and time sink. It's the digital circus in Bread and Circus's.

*anem et digitalis circenses* 

It's an opiate fro the masses.
Was this from the EA BF2 fiasco? Or the one with Respawn’s Apex Legends heirlooms and lootboxes?
anyone who thinks a company views them as anything other than "mere consumers" is either an idiot or incredibly deluded.
r/apexlegends is leaking
Others are saying this is a copy+pasta from some EA fiasco - do you know the original source? Would love to know what it was originally replying to
It was a great PR move. The vast majority of there players will not care\*, and it gives them access to well over a billion people in a country with a rising middle class and disposable income.

&#x200B;

\*Have you not paid attention to the last 3 years? People do not give a shit as long as the can get their latte.
The community fund, comrade.
<This comment was deemed inappropriate by the PRC and has been moderated>
Not exactly - deleting an account doesn't mean your details aren't on record any more. If you want to GDPR them, actually hit them with a request to have your personal data deleted as per GDPR. THEN, if they don't do it, they're breaching the regulations.

In addition, this is more work for them than letting you delete your account.
I did actually
[deleted]
Valve also bent over backwards for china. And people ignore that.

During a dota 2 tournament 2gd said something about china as a joke and they fired him and never invited him to an event again.
*CDPR
[](#I know that they aren't indie. Just that your comment infuriated me)
Do you?
That’s a woooosh
*woosh*
r/selfawarewolves
cmon mate
r/Whooosh
🤔

irony

 noun

iro·​ny | \ ˈī-rə-nē  also ˈī(-ə)r-nē  \

plural ironies

Definition of irony

1a: the use of words to express something other than and especially the opposite of the literal meaning
/r/wooosh
r/thatsthejoke
irony

 noun

iro·​ny | \ ˈī-rə-nē  also ˈī(-ə)r-nē  \

plural ironies

Definition of irony

1a: the use of words to express something other than and especially the opposite of the literal meaning
Username checks out
He, legally speaking, violated the rules he agreed too. Not saying he can't win a lawsuit just that it isn't open-close
Not sure you understand what defamation is, but they didn't say or do anything to damage his character or reputation. If anything it's been grossly enhanced since this happened.
Using another company's platform to push a political agenda is still a risky thing to do. He deserves a punishment for it and I don't think he himself disagrees (he probably knew there would be consequences), but the punishment he got was too harsh. A fine would have been way more suitable. The loss of prize money is trickier because it clearly states in blizzards ToS that violating the rules will result in no prize money, and he did violated the rules.

Edit: word
You can sue for someone not allowing you to cancel a subscription. Best case you only get back the money they took since you first tried to cancel. Better yet, tell your bank to deny any future charges to blizzard.
In Europe you absolutely can seek legal action in accordance with GDPR.
He said you CAN sue...
In Europe the deletion of an account must be easy, otherwise the company get get fined 20 million euros, or 2% of their entire global revenue, whichever is higher. If it was on purpose, the amounts double.
People will sue over anything, that shit comment you came up with had no purpose from the beginning
Nice dyslexia
So you can sue but it's weird to think of that? Idk where is your standing on this it makes no sense
I think it is illegal in EU to make the cancel process too hard to complete.
I'm sure they won't do the same in the EU because of GDPR. If they stored data about you without you consent, they could be fined 2 % of their yearly revenue.
Need my ID and I'm from New Zealand.
German here, have the same issue as op. Can't delete my account without ID. Reopened the ticket again and stated that an ID was not needed when I created the account.
No, and this is nothing new as well. I had to show my ID years ago because I lost access to my authenticator. 

Reddits hivemind is at it again.
I'm in the US and I was able to delete without providing an ID. I tried it a few times over the past few days. Was finally able to do it an hour or so ago. Prior to that every time I tried I got the too many attempts message.
In the EU they ask for your ID as well, at least I just had to provide it
Deleted my account from the netherlands and they did ask for ID, I included it but blocked my face and any information they didn't have already
Europe has a law that is called ‘The right to be forgotten’
companies must delete all your data if you ask for it.
how did you do that? i am from EU and they are asking me for an ID.
How will my ID prove I own blizzardsuckspoohdick@gofuckyourself.com?
Why would that even prove it's your email address? You don't use an ID to sign up for emails either. This reeks of fuckery.
someone with logic
I don't think there is a way at this time.
I blacked out everything besides my name, birth date and parts of my face. Hopefully it's going to work, should be enough for them.
I've seen some people use text verification instead of an ID to delete, but I only had the option of sending an ID. I sent in a customer support ticket asking for the text option, and in order to send the ticket, they asked for my ID...
They are gonna send them to china so you get put on the list!~
Take an image of it, fake the numbers but not birthday..
[deleted]
Reading that law, it's not just military IDs it covers, but any government issued ID?
I'm all aboard the Blizzard (rightful) hatetrain, and I find it ridiculous that people don't grasp why Blizzard wants a form of ID. It almost certainly has to do with not allowing the perma-deletion of an account by whoever is able to "prove" they own the email address. While I'm certainly no email guru, I do know that email spoofery is certainly within the realms of possibility.
No. Just no. Thats what the 30 day failsafe is for. Government ID is not required under any reasonable circumstance for a gaming account.
For changing account info it makes sense to slow down account hijackers, but for deleting an account? It seems like they should instead put it on a 30 day timer and send out emails reminding you that your account will be deleted.
Maybe to proof their boycutting? Personally I only have a blizzard account because i played 1 game of hearthstone. I don’t even remember my username. But I don’t get why people with tousands of hours and money on their account would delete it...
There is a difference between an inactive account and deleting your account.
I have 2 factor auth on.

That should be enough.
Drivers licence, passport, ID card, etc
You think you are joking but China is actually requiring its citizens to submit to facial recognition to access the internet  ([https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/chinese-citizens-will-be-required-scan-their-faces-use-internet](https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/chinese-citizens-will-be-required-scan-their-faces-use-internet)) 

&#x200B;

With this kind of behavior since this censorship fiasco began, one would think Blizz is actually a Chinese company for real.
To be fair, blizzard most likely has that info already.
Dont be stupid, if someone had stolen his account and was requesting it be deleted giving over an ID would give them someone to prosecute in the event it was actually stolen.
Blizzard has always had a hard-on for seeing photographic ID. That was the case 15 years ago, as well. VERY common support request.
Calm down I get all the hatr but I started up again last month before all this and they asked the same thing
In the convo of the original tweet above, there are people saying they submit their ID and get rejected because it's "illegible" or not a "valid government-issued ID card."
Yep, that's Blizzard. They did this to me too.
Yeah, that's a violation of consumer rights in the EU and possibly a GDPR violation.
They can't make deleting an account harder than making one.
yep and my blizz account doesnt even have a real name on it so what good is ID going to do
To be fair, and I don't want to be, when I had to regain access to my old account because I had forgotten all the info they requested a picture ID then as well.
Just send them the blizzard ccp flag that's been going around
wonder if they keep it afterwords, then they get to be hacked and pay everyone for credit monitoring service
It isn't nothing for them, of course.
are you serious?
> i can send them an email BOOM PROOF!

Ha, no. It's stupid easy to fake the From: address of an email message. That's why every site that does email validation does it by sending you something (which usually has a link you click on so even the "reply" path is through the browser instead of email) rather than asking you to send them something.

(It's still ludicrous to ask for this level of verification now when they didn't require it for you to sign up.)
They aren't doing this for subscriptions. They are doing this for *deleting your entire account, including games you own the license to.* You do this, you have to re-buy anything you ever bought from Blizzard if you come back.

Whether or not it's heavy handed is up for debate, but I personally don't have a problem with it.
Uh... That didn't happen to me. I answered a few questions to confirm my identity and that I owned the account and they took care of it.

Might've changed but eh. Also is it necessary to require a photo ID for that anyway? Usually the way I end up with a new phone is because my old one broke and EA has always reset my SWTOR security key with roughly the same procedure except I have to literally call CS on the phone (which actually annoys the hell out of me but whatever lol) arenanet wants the same but they take a goddamn week to respond to emails that aren't direct from a logged in account.

Edit: to be clear I'm talking about the authenticator removal, not account deletion.
I sent Facebook an image of the NSA PRISM logo once instead of a picture of an ID after the account was blocked due to issues with their onion url, and my account at the time was subsequently unblocked. I still laugh about it.
i remember being worried that sc2 initially needed south korean SSID numbers for SK citizens to sign up for an account, this is so much worse...
Lol they already have all our info. You know many times dats breaches occurred just a regular stores?
>I can't access my original account as I used a fake name since I set the battlenet account up when I was 16 and didn't want to use my real name, so I send ID and nope doesn't match account details  >. >

They need an ID for this, too
In Fact, I can't even submit a ticket for a bug without ID verification
100% incorrect. They use e-verify, a government program used by employers to verify DL records. And they have legal grounds through you clicking "I have agreed to the terms and conditions stated above." However many years ago you opened a Blizzard account. After all, each year you got an email alerting you the terms and conditions of your account were updated, and you took no action.

Think that's an unfair use of terms of service agreement? Good luck fighting Activision lawyers!
That’s a waste of time as it will just be declined. They want ID to prevent hackers from deleting peoples accounts
I worked on cancelled accounts for Blizzard. Do exactly this. I was doing account review at the release of Skyrim and so many reports where for Skyrim others said the new game coming out but didn't get counted for Skyrim.
Autocorrect with the ducks again
You are absolutely right but the word is aggregated not aggravated.
Lol I just put “China”
They're not gonna go over the specific reasons why all of a sudden a giant amount of their subsribers cancelled their subscription, they all know exactly why.
How else would ~~China~~ *Blizzard* know who you are to ~~definitely~~ *totally not* track you outside of the games?
I had to send a picture ID to override 2 factor authentication from someone who got into my account once.

Keep in mind this is for *deleting* your account, permanently. That means all the games you own, your entire history is deleted.

I don't think it's unnecessary honestly, it's potentially thousands of dollars worth of (admittedly digital) goods you're throwing away. They are making damn sure you want to delete that before going through with it and making damn sure it's actually you trying to do it.
Agreed, especially to delete an account.
A friend's account got hacked or banned or something, a little fuzzy on the details as this was ~10 years ago, then Blizzard required a copy of the account holder's drivers license to verify his identity. First time hearing about it for deleting your account though
They want to verify that the account being deleted is being deleted by the actual person who owns it.  It's not uncommon over the past 20 years for people to hijack other people's accounts, sell their shit, and delete the characters/accounts.  Sony has asked me before for similar documentation when I wanted to reopen an Everquest account that I no longer had access to the email for.  They don't want to give out access without some proof, and that is commendable
They started putting up insane authentication methods after years of peoples accounts getting hacked and looted.  I remember getting mine hacked once or twice before the authenticator came out...  they sold them on keychains
Yeah, as a developer I can confirm "Show us your government ID" is a typical error message when you have connectivity issues.

Some of you have probably recently seen the 'Where's your birth certificate mate?" and "Did you pack this suitcase yourself?" errors when Destiny 2 went on steam, for example.
Yeah, it’s also fixed already
This has been Blizzard CS's official response on Twitter about the cancelation thing.
Get out of here with your rational thinking, this is Reddit.
Dun dun
They aren't stopping your ability to unsub, they are stopping your ability to actually delete your account and all your info/games.
The issue isn't canceling your subscriptions.  The issue is canceling your account.
That's a false narrative introduced to the public by a few major corporations after that old woman burned herself at McDonald's. The coffee was routinely kept at at least 150 over the normal, safe temperature; it was handled poorly, and she suffered third degree burns over a large portion of her body and had to be hospitalized for months out of it. She sued for lawful negligence in training and running operations in that store, and won; the rumors and press about Americans and America and general being prone to quick and easy lawsuits was actually something taken up by a lot of anti-legislation PR groups and a general section of the populace fooled into believing that she was just a careless woman who wanted easy money out of a big company.

That woman nearly died from her injuries, and her lawsuit started off as only about her medical bills and became more at the insistence of her lawyer when McDonald's spend so much time and effort trying to dirty her bad name and shut her lawsuit down even then, and the changes that many major companies have made to their procedures since then have kept countless people from suffering the same fate and helped to keep big companies accountable in situations where they are proven to have been negligent in employee and customer safety.

But yeah, let's ignore that and just fall back on American stereotypes.
Unfortunately, our government doesn't protect consumers, so lawsuits end up being the only way bad companies ever get punished.

It's definitely not ideal.

Yes, the lawyers get way too much of the money.

But it seems to be the only way bad companies ever get punished.
Yea such a terrible system of solving civil disputes in ... you guessed it ... a CIVILised manner.
Right?  All these simps relying on their rights under the law instead of utilizing the previous method of just settling disagreements with violence.  /s
Money is the only thing Blizzard seems to understand, so hit 'em where it hurts.
At least EA is one of the few to have openly admited that they won't take any stance in China's favor. 

How times have changes.
2019 has been the year of game companies trying to one up each other on who can be the most evil
Yeah bitch, your next EA!
Ignoring all other facets of this. I think asking ID for ensuring the person DELETING an account, as in forfeiting all rights, is the owner of said account, is totally sensible.
this.  They can literally do credit inquries etc to get everything else they need on you if they were so inclined.  Kind of the world we live in now
The Right to be Forgotten doesn’t need you to dox yourself to uh, remove the dox worthy info
Look up how the 'right to be forgotten' in the GDRP works.
And I just agree
Right at poo bear. Brilliant
It's not common procedure.  It's a violation of EU data protection and online privacy laws.  A privately owned company can ask for your ID card but you are never obliged to do so.  Only proper authorities can demand this.
It's worth looking up the gdpr act as there is a lot that it covers and some of it seems pretty intensive

I suggest looking at recital no.65 as it covers this as best as I can find
Just [send them this](https://shipyourenemiesgdpr.com/) in an email to dpo@blizzard.com instead of deleting your account. You can always delete your account after they've responded to your GDPR request.

It's probably much more expensive for them than just canceling your account.

The linked website generates a gdpr request that is designed to waste as much of their time as possible by being incredibly detailed. It asks for literally everything you can ask for under the GDPR. They probably won't even have automation in place to deal with such detailed requests, which means their legal team will have to spend tons of time dealing with each and every single request.
What does that even mean?
Is there any actual evidence of that?
Doesn’t that mean there’s a reasonable chance you forgot your password or mistyped it, given how you barely used it? Not shilling; I just know I’m bound to forget my passwords, especially if I don’t know if they req’d a number or special character. Because I don’t use the same pw for everything.
The situation's not great, but unless they've managed to hide information from every investor out there, Tencent own around about 5% of Activision Blizzard.

It's enough of a clusterfuck without adding misinformation to the mix.
Since when is 5% a majority?
I’m just saying in general, I think it’s a tad extreme to jump right to deleting your account outright. I wouldn’t delete anything I put a ton of manhours and money into. Yeah what they did was fucked up, and I did unsubscribe to wow and uninstall. But I am not going to delete something I’ve spent time on for the better part of 15 years.
Majority? Do your research you echo chamber fuckwit.
The irony of this is that everyone I've known who've had their accounts hacked, it was always hacked by someone from China. The one time they tried to hack mine it was Chinese (they were not successful).

All of their protections are in place to stop player accounts from being hacked by the same people Blizzard is best friends with now.
I tried all methods, sms, authenticator, even sent the picture ID, all gave me error messages. I tried again just now, got through but now it just says not available in my country. I still have my account. I dont want it.
Activision invalidated a license of a game I bought because something kept triggering their anti-cheat even though I had a clean install. they said I was pirating the game even though I got it from gamestop, wrapped, and they invalidated my key. Couldnt even return the damn thing either. Gave them a second chance with overwatch..

Then this happened. They're scumbags, and with the whole merger, activision is still daddy in that relationship.
[deleted]
"Illegal" 
Ok bud.
Your analogy is wrong. 

You can walk away from your computer. You can cancel your subscription. And when things calm down and you've cleared your mind, you can choose to cancel your account. You're being irrational and making hasty decisions that you may regret. 

Calm down, grab your pacifier, and cool off. If you're still an angsty dork that wants to delete your account after 72 hours, the option will be there.
You seem to be suggesting that it was morally acceptable to get into bed with an oppressive regime in the first place. It wasn't. I happen to run a small business that manufactures all of our goods in the USA. All our competition manufactures in china and india. They were happy to do so, regardless of the conditions people are subjected to, regardless of the human rights violations, regardless of anything, because it meant more profit in the short term.

Blizzard is no different. They knew who they were getting into bed with. This shit in china is coming to a boil now, but it's not like this started yesterday. The country has been oppressing, mistreating and abusing it's people for generations. I have -no- sympathy, but for the people who are suffering under those conditions.
Was days ago but it was also posted and then reposted in the subreddit too
Thats owned by Tencent not Blizzard thats not an official statement. 


Official Statement will be posted in English on their main account.


The orginal post that shared this has been tagged for being misleading.
it's kinda funny people didn't get this mad about china harvesting organs from people but are riled up by Hong Kong and HS pro player losing his winnings.  


I mean it's good, something had to trigger it, but comparing it next to each other...it's just sad.
They used XDDD in their comment. Obviously it's an edgy 15 year old getting into r/iamverysmart territory
I know they pull some shady shit that’s why I ask cause I was thinking of buying their stock
But they're not really doing anything for people.  Their only statement was that groveling about the pride of the Chinese Communist state or something.
They also fired the two interviewers on the spot that "let it happen"
Just like they have always been. This is a safety layer to prevent hackers from easily deleting your licenses for games that costs you money.
Yeah seriously.  The main topic has been upvoted 24k times now, and this once.  Guess it's all about the mob. I'll go find my pitch fork now.
Then seems like a lot of drama. I wouldn't want someone to delete my account without my authorization either. Inconvenient but it's not like they are doing it to desperately hold on to users.
Probably up
*Hong Kong, specifically, which has had pro-democracy/pro-independence riots going on for 4.5 months at this point.
They banned a *Hong Kong heartstone player and stole his $10 000 prize winnings, and banned him for 12 months, because *he supported the protesters in Hong Kong in the stream after he won.
Send me a pic when it's done!
You don't need to give an ID to cancel payments just to delete the account entirely
GDPR violations result in fines.
Every GDPR violation is a fine equal to 2% of their revenue. That's big
I didn't say I agreed with anything that happened. I'm just saying, he knew what he was doing. Blizzard didn't pull it because of what he said, they pulled it because it was political and breaks their rules. An American player who discuss Trump in an interview would get the same treatment. 🤷‍♂️ He knew he was gonna get in trouble and he decided the risk was worth the reward. If they let one person get away with being political, they have to let everyone.
He broke their rules. He acknowledged that he expected to be punished for his actions. He accepted his punishment. It's an esports tourney, not a political stage. 🤷‍♂️
I have hardly seen any posts calling for those casters to get their jobs back. The main focus I have seen is on the player who lost his earnings for breaking the tournament rules. 🤷‍♂️ You people are literally punishing a company for enforcing rules that man agreed to when he entered the tournament.
No, that move didn’t spark anything. I barely see anyone talking about the 2 casters.
Oh. Well that is literally the worst thing they could have done. 

Thanks for taking the time to explain.
It's essentially just a security check to attempt to prevent accounts from being repossessed.

I'm all for disliking Blizzards current actions, but using a security system that has been there for months, if not years, seems silly.
seems a bit overkill tbh...
You clearly dont understand and that is fine I dont expect you to understand the laws and regulations on costumer protections, but a company that is in the spotlight and being scrutinized this much is covering their own ass at this point and if anything else happened like a mass hacking and deletion of accounts it would be their fault and they would suffer immensely both financially and publicly. I'm sure Blizzard is having a hard enough time choking on one shit sandwich, they would rather not eat another.
It happens every day I wont presume to guess but people are just dicks.
A personal enemy who knows that this can hurt the individual? A very disgruntled ex lover? There are many ways people can gain from it.
I'm referring to the fact that people are acting like they're trying to get your ID for malicious reasons, that's all. It's possible their servers are overloaded. I saw someone above say hours ago that it was fixed.
Oh yeah, I'm not saying it would apply to Americans. I was being totally selfish and trying to see a way of complaint that got around this whole ID thing for me (and potentially other Europeans).
?
I’m still confused tbh
Thanks, I was truly curious to what would happen with that customer group. Awesome of you to speak with you Dollar. Its the only thing people listen for..
Well yeah but that's been a thing for years. That's not disabling account deactivation. That's just a security policy that's been in place for a very long time
Yeah i get that, but its still just another hassle for them. If there is a flood of complaints its just a massive headache for them. If we all storm the complaints section they cant respond to us all. Sure, the BBB cant really do anything, but a bad business rating still looks bad. 

" Everything you submit will be forwarded to the business within two business days. The business will be asked to respond within 14 days, and if a response is not received, a second request will be made. You will be notified of the business’s response when we receive it (or you will be notified that we received no response). Complaints are generally closed within 30 days. "
Huh. Worked for a friend of mine no problem
Are you hiding under a rock?  He’s in the middle of a trade war with China and one change to our finance rules via executive order like banning Chinese companies from US stock exchanges until they follow our accounting and anti-fraud rules and he could collapse their internal economy overnight.
Oh I see. Thanks.
Alternatively you're just throwing your money away.
So apparently the whole thing is over, Blizzard caved to memes, and I still have all my stuff. That's pretty ideal.
If they refuse to cancel your purchase this is a quick and easy way to ensure they don't receive money. They brought them on themselves
No, nothing so dramatic, but there isn't much I can do beyond denying them my money and showing my support.
Thanks, I did see that but I don't really want to send Blizzard a copy of my ID at the moment just to delete an account. Seems a little silly.
I was unaware, thanks. The point still stands, turn them over to the BBB
Except that you never needed an ID to create your account in the first place. They literally just added this extra step so that people are more hesitant to delete their accounts in the wake of the backlash
I mean, I've never seen any company in which you create an account require a government issued ID to delete your account, whether it's a gaming company, a social media company, hell it could be a baking company. I could see confirmation emails, authentication codes, etc, but this is bullshit.
Please pay $50 to receive access to a panel stream 20 minutes before the highlight reel is thrown on YouTube.
It’s an amazing marketing scheme. Please pay US money, for the privilege of watching commercials for our products all weekend.
You also get in-game goods (skins, etc) and access to behind-the-scenes VODs, streams, the archive of past events...

Honestly, I think it's a good deal, if you are a fan of Blizzard and their games. (Naturally, that's a pretty big *if* currently, but I've bought the ticket on previous years, and don't regret it.)
We must admit that blizzard know how to milk their no life fanboys... From hearthstone and overwatch, its still impressive to see how many people spend their money in these games.

So at the end, i guess 50$ is nothing for them.
Yes...and people willing to pay for such things are a major reason why we have this situation now. With some people willing to buy anything Blizzard-related, even if it has close-to-zero value, Blizzard learned that they could get away with anything. Well, until now.
Bro you can pay $20 to sell someone else game time, that they pay for in-game with fake money. (that now has real money value because of this system. ex: warcraft gold is worth more than some countries currencies.)
It's basically a PPV event, not that odd if you think of it in that context.
They tried to justify the increase last year with the Classic trial but they didn't "adjust back" this time around, unless they are doing something similar.
It generally gets you a rather high-quality mount and Pet for WoW, skins for OW and SC, a pet and a vanity item for Diablo, a skin/mount and portrait for Heroes, and a card back and a couple of packs for Hearthstone.

Its basically letting you get the in-game goodies attendees normally would get.
LMAO WOW
Yeah, this really puts into perspective the Diablo mobile fiasco. You probably remember gamers being called "entitled" for not wanting to play a phone game, but these were people who spent 200$ on a ticket just on *rumors* that there might be a new Diablo game.
To be honest.  With how it’s shaping up right now.  That might be some of the memeiest, funniest and cringiest 50 bucks you’ll spend this year.  Although, not worth it because watching YouTube highlights gives them no money. Still good value for the shitshow it will inevitably be.
It's a free market and you are free to not pay.
This made me irk
Yea $20 price hike
.... why would they threaten a gay-pride parade in Canada?
More like the poor ccp who show up. I really feel bad for them if they try, it will be a shitshowm
I saw one or two twitter people slinging that bullshit earlier today. It was really weird. Like one minute they're talking about Xenoblade Chronicles and the next they're calling everyone blind sheep for not seeing the truth about China. 

Then back to their sword porn.
Who cares about gay pride and gay parade bs? Theres more important stuff to fight for atm as those peopel who lives under dictatorship in china and other places in d world
Yep. It's not that weird, E3 tickets costs $250, and it includes companies you're not interested in. I would probably have gone if I were anywhere near US.
Not that much, really. Conferences in general are pretty expensive
+ accomodaton + flights

It's not unusual for people to spend $1500+ on Blizzcon overall.
Yep, the idea of the century. Gullible people will pay to be subjected to advertisement. Exactly like E3.
I've been twice, it was worth it a couple years ago and a lot more fun before it was expanded.  Now it's like Disney Land, everywhere you go lines are long and everything is full.
It includes a live concert, costume and music contests, demos of new content, panels with creators, and access to all the championship games, as well as a bag of virtual and physical loot.
This kind of attitude is annoying. This attitude is the exact reason what you say may come true. Its very similar to the idea of "tragedy of the commons" though different in context.

The more people think like this, the more _this_ will happen. The more people hope for the best, pish for the best and do not act deafeatist like this the more likely actions will succeed and last.
Let's not get defeatist this early! If we think people will forget then don't let them! When things start dying down then make sure to bring this up in comments and threads about blizzcon, or whatever blizzard related news comes out in the future. If you're censored then post about that, don't let it be swept under the rug. 

Tell friends, let them know why you're not playing. Tell your family so they know not to buy you any ow/ wow/ blizzard related things for birthdays and Christmas. 

We need to stay positive and determined to make a difference.
They wouldn't be insured on cancelling an event due to negative pr XD
If it spreads to a large enough portion of the crowd will they empty the room?
It was NetEase, the publishing partner which oversees and controls all Chinese operations, not Blizzard.
Just pointing out that the actual text does not say "our country", it says "国家" which means "country". Because of how tightly coupled the Chinese language is with China, "country" by default means "China". Inserting "our" is one way to translate this but it may give an incorrect connotation.
Blizzard’s Chinese Weibo wrote:

   “We are very angered and disappointed at what happened at the event and do not condone it in any way. We also highly object the spreading of personal political beliefs in this manner…We will always respect and defend the pride of our country.”

   — Rod Breslau (@Slasher) October 9, 2019
Official Blizz Apology TO China (with extra sucky sucky) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dflohh/blizzards_official_weibo_account_just_posted_an/
Welcome to **all** companies. It's a feature of capitalism. Profit over principles.
Nah, I would still be against any company requiring a copy of my ID card. Such copies are given out in very rare occasions and it is done in paper form where you have to sign the paper and state that it is correct with the original and that you basically allow it.
In my country entities with the exception of your employer or some specific institutions/companies aren't allowed to ask for my ID
Is it a circeljerk if you hate a shitty company for good reason?
\>If the China fiasco wasn't happening there wouldn't be a single person whining about the ID-required thing  


True, but that doesn't mean what they are doing is okay. Requiring personal information that can be used for identity fraud to delete your email address from their database is not only highly illegal (GDPR), but also morally wrong.
Well I tried to delete my account a *few months ago* and they did require Photo ID. It was so much of a hassle I left my account open. But this is not a change due to the recent events.
Well, sending a photo ID to a gaming company that sides with oppressive foreign governments that use facial recognition systems isn't exactly the best idea.
They can still require proof that the person requesting deletion is the person who owns the account, companies usually use photo ID to do this.
My guess is that they're receiving too many requests at the same time that they can't catch up?
Then they could implement a log in with my national id card framework? If they really demand an identification method then that's the simplest way that won't send any of my private information.
Well, if there's enough of an issue, Blizzard can be fined substantial amounts, and potentially even be banned from trading in the EU. I get that data protection matters are a bit beyond your level of understanding, though.
Not everyone is fortunate enough to have a right hand.
No. :(
In fact, China treat "the state can feed you" as a important human right, others...won't matter.
rights don't exist, it's some bullshit on a piece of paper.
*"Destroyed their career"* is kind of overselling it. He's been propelled even further into the public spotlight and already received several lucrative offers, one up and coming game even pledged to pay the full winnings and invite him to their upcoming 500k tournament.

While the manner in which it happened isn't ideal, if anything he's probably coming out ahead.
Agreed
Seems only right he violated the tos
What is gdpr?
This is a great idea. 

I probably won't get any visibility here, so please edit your post to include this link: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/nightmare-letter-subject-access-request-under-gdpr-karbaliotis/

It's sort of a template for a worst-case data request for a company. This should hit Blizzard hard.
I believe both, however both are EA
Ea took the side of the oppressive Chinese government?
Don't forget about the clusterfuck officially known as Anthem.
Apex
Apex.
Companies operate to sell products or services that their consumers demand. If the consumers demand a product that is oppression-free then some company will meet the demand. Maybe not now, but eventually.
There is such a thing as stakeholder capitalism that actively eschews the viewpoint you're describing as unsustainable. I'm not saying that what you're talking about doesn't happen, but there are companies that don't subscribe to that model. Blizzard has just shown that they're firmly in the profits over people mindset.
[deleted]
Why not both?
Well that's 2/3 of gamers deluded then lol. But you are not wrong. $£$ is all they care about
This is so ignorant and short sighted. Any self sustaining company cares about their consumer... Period. Look at Tesla, google - Joe Mode. Amazing story. Look at Wal-Mart, Costco, Amazon, these companies relentlessly catered to their consumers and they are massive or growing exponentially because they met a demanding need from their customers. There are plenty of small and large companies that care, just because companies like EA and Activision exist, does not mean most of the free market doesn't care. The best part of free market capitalism is companies have to care, or they risk going broke because you can simply say no to them and they can't force you to buy their products... 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Unless you're in the back pocket of the government, then they will bail you out with borrowed money financed by future generations through the fed, regardless of how reckless you operate as a company. Or you have folks with no self control, buying games from trash companies regardless of just how trashy their games or practices are... If you don't like a company, go somewhere else that fits your needs, plenty of great indie devs that would love your and others support..
Companies don't truly care, but people within the company often do.
Companies don't view anything in any way because they aren't people. The individual employees, even the ones at the top running the show could be just as compassionate and interested in doing the right thing as you, or they could be complete pieces of crap.
It’s a copypasta from [this Apex Legends post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/comments/crykix/pr_team_and_devs_well_done_you_have_alienated/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
It’s a copypasta.
Fair enough
\^\^ lmao.
Yes but I'm sure that the one making decisions are the ones who never even opened a blizzard game in their life and are counting only the money. Like Kotik. Brack has just been placed at such a high spot solely because he's one of the last pillars that players recognize as those who built the foundations of the game, regardless of what happened with classic.
I think getting banned for rude jokes that you were warned not to make and getting banned for saying you support your country during a humanitarian crisis are different levels of bent over for china
officially fired for sex jokes, which are also taboo btw

but that was not the only fuckup during that or any other chinese event

just make it go away and forget about it, since more than half of 120+ million dollars annual dota2-community investments (1/4th of which goes to the prize pool) are from chinese whales

moni toks
making jokes about china is something else then voicing your protest against a dictatorship.

you should apologize for inappropriate jokes but protest is a different case.
That’s being extremely disingenuous. 2GD was just completely ignoring directions from producers because he was trying to keep the show entertaining in his own way.  

This was way less of a “you upset China” and more of a “you aren’t following directions, the thing we are literally paying you to do”.
That's not really bending backword.
> And people ignore that.

So should we ignore this, or are you evoking Whataboutism?
WOah there buddy. Stop making shit up. It was definitely not about China. I dont agree with the firing but for a "pinnacle of dota" type tournament ( let's exclude the international for now ), 2GD was EXTRA...spicy with his foul language. I was entertained by it, I love it. But I dont blame Valve that much for that. This wasnt a couch tournament. It was a Valve sponsored event that was supposed to retain a tad of professionalism. 2GD went overboard with offenssive jokes. And it was not cause of China.
Gabe then called him an ass on social media. 
Well Gabe, I'd rather be an ass than a Chinese bootlicker.
James was warned repeatedly to stop making sex jokes on stream, he was subsequently fired when he failed to stop. You can talk about Valve failing to defend Kuku's racism last year but that's hardly defensible.
Remember Chingchong major and Kuku ban, although that also comes with its own separate can of worms.
Yesterday some user told me to stop using the /s tag because it ruins the fun. I tried to explain to him Reddit often doesn't get irony without the tag but he was having non of it.
Lmao imagine having to comment this to two separate people in the same thread who posted 15 minutes apart
"brings you into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages Blizzard image"? 

I think all those points are up for argument. Supporting HK is hardly disreputable or offensive, and the only ones damaging Blizzards reputation is Blizzard.
Totally, hence why he is talking with lawyers.
Ye I doubt there's anything he can do to get that prize money back at this point.
Courts tend to view vague or broad rules in a dim light.
Just because he agreed to the rules doesn't mean, that these rules are legal. Denying the prize money of the last season? That sounds hardly legal, at least here in Germany
I'm not so sure about that. 

Making vague rules like that can tend to be unenforceable, and it comes down to what a "reasonable person" might think about their actions causing that level of harm. 

&#x200B;

Saying "Support Hong Kong" doesn't rise to the level of damage that a reasonable person would think damages blizzard or the community.  I mean look at the outcry. The reaction to all this shows that most people think its Blizzard thats being unreasonable. 

&#x200B;

I'd be real careful to assume that a judge will rubber stamp blizzards decision. Well... I mean a US judge, anyway. Not even sure what role a Chinese judge has in their system.
The problem is that particular rule he “violated” is worded in such a way that Blizzard can ban anyone for saying whatever they don’t like.

Besides even if he started preaching his entire political ideology on the stream, which he didn’t, i still think taking ALL the prize money away is just a scam move, apply a fine with a percentage if you must, but not take the whole thing.

Its like playing soccer as a kid and when you score a goal, the owner of the ball takes it away and says he won, because its HIS ball.
Except the rule he broke would be considered completely unreasonable. It also revokes a US citizens right to due process
but the latter statement which hearthstone china has claimed that they were defending the pride and dignity of their country aka china
Be more of a corporate shill.
"brings you into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages Blizzard image"

That rule is so vague it could be applied because they didn't like his sneakers.  A good lawyer will be able to argue against this ambiguous rule.
Sadly there are many costs to suing such a huge company otherwise someone should sue just for shits and giggles because this sure looks like "on purpose deletion prevention".
Well then write to the EU, they have a pretty good track record of going after big corporations, as of late
You can sue *and have a good chance of winning* for that.
Ah isn’t freedom so nice?
I just went through the process of right to be forgotten on my ear accounts. I gotta say they took that shit serious.
Nope, they are enforcing ID's now in europe also
Canceling something that bills you and deleting your entire account are two very different things.
They do.

&#x200B;

[https://imgur.com/2Kq4Jop](https://imgur.com/2Kq4Jop)

&#x200B;

I just tried to delete my account from Germany. they want my ID. They won't get my ID, but they want it.

I'm looking into how to make a claim with EU consumer protection right now.

&#x200B;

Edit: According to someone at r/LegalAdviceEU this is completely legal, because it's sold as a measurement to make sure no one can delete an account that he shouldn't have access to.
[deleted]
GDPR is class
Contact them requesting deletion under article 17 of GDPR, they have to comply then. Just another way the EU stands up for it's citizens.
It's illegal to ask for a copy of ID where I live since this July, with maximum punishment of two years in prison. There are some exceptions to this, for government related stuff, but not for companies like Blizzard.
https://eu.battle.net/support/en/article/2659
blizzardsuckspoohdick@*longlivethecomunistparty*.com
You think you want ID but you don't
They need it to give to China, so they can plan ahead for which camp you will be re-educated in once they take over.
Not really. Other companies require that when something major related to account change. Riot games required these information from me when my accounts got hacked.
That's not Blizzard's concern. If the email address owning the account asks you to delete it, you delete it.
I did more than that. I blacked out the whole thing except “drivers license” and my name. They don’t need to know the state, my height and definitely not my address.
They really want your personal information.
You can even fake the picture with one of those Deep Fakes face pictures of people who don't really exist. What exactly would they be checking it against anyways.

https://thispersondoesnotexist.com/
Yeah.. I wanted to visit China in my life, seemed cool, but i guess for now its off my list.  Back to Japan!
Federal government, yeah.
I agree! ID acts as a safety net for the people who might have gotten their account hacked
You guys are mental.... when they did not ask for an ID when creating the account they habe zero reason to request on when deleting.
Why would it make sense for changing account info but not for deleting an account? It's the same principle. What if your email gets hacked (as it almost certainly already is if someone else is attempting to delete your account)? Then your SOL if all they do is send you a measly email reminding you.
Thanks, I was wondering if there was a financial issue with not being able to cancel or something? You can tell most banks to stop payment or cancel a card if that's the problem. If it's for protest then all power.
But WHAT? This is what I dont understand
2FA has been hackable for a long time. That alone is not enough and this isn't a new thing that they're asking for ID
Tencent is a major stock owner in activisionblizzard. Tencent is chinese.
With how much money they make from China, they might as well be.
This is really fake news!
To be fair, they've been asking for an ID for big account modifications for a very long time, I remember being hacked back in wotlk and having to link a Pic of my ID to the GM in chat
lol zerohedge

That shit is faker than Trumps tan.
In the US you most submit to facial recognition to obtain or renew your driver's license.
My US driver's license was rejected for not being a valid government issue ID.  Which I guess is true from Blizzard's point of view: it wasn't issued by the Chinese government.
It’s not from China so of course it’s invalid
They can ask for verification, which imo is actually a good thing. Wouldn't it be pretty annoying that some hacker got access and just clicked "delete" and your account was gone?
Me too,,all they asked for was a phone number to send a pin code to.
Not an id.
Yep. Australia here, so I can't speak for other countries, but they asked for ID and then rejected the application based on "region".
That is not at all why they send you a link. They send you the link because it is easier that way.

Also, there are systems in place that can check if a from address is faked or not, just by simply checking the email header.
> It's stupid easy to fake the From: address of an email message.

You can't spoof the sending server though. And if your mail provider uses at least SPF, it should be easy to find out if the email really came from a specific account.
>> i can send them an email BOOM PROOF!
>
>Ha, no. It's stupid easy to fake the From: address of an email message.   

Here is a video of someone photoshopping a pizza into a woman  
https://youtu.be/9j656_RiO0k
I can donate a game to the DAV, sell at a garage sale, effectively giving up my 'rights' for the license. No id required.

This is an overreach.

Send an email like "we noticed someone tried deleting your account, is it you" type emails I've received from other companies. You could argue the email account is also hacked, but that's a stretch.
Uhh, no. They are outright denying even the ID people sent in, so your logic doesn't really hold up there mate.
What I get from this whole post is that you need to just blindly jump the bandwagon. So please don't try to add any kind of sense here! (/s)
I can't access my original account as I used a fake name since I set the battlenet account up when I was 16 and didn't want to use my real name, so I send ID and nope doesn't match account details  >. >
Did you delete your account this week? That’s what people are saying. Blizz is creating new hurdles to delete accounts.
[deleted]
I thought a lot of games required Korean ids to sign up for because of some curfew law for people under a certain age? Or did I dream that up
Maybe true for America.  Not true for all countries.  
It would be illegal for them to do that to an Australian Citizen for example.  You can use the drivers licence to verify the person for their age or for who they say they are, but you are *not* permitted to access government issued ID numbers for this purpose.  
This is why private parking companies in Australia have a lot of issues.  They can't access the database of numberplates to find out the owner.  As such, they can't really pursue the person for unpaid fines in their private parking lot.
What if you're not from the U.S.?
I mean are they hiring people who are trying to be informative or are they hiring people who are trying to wank off the board members? 

"Yeah, we have about X cancellations a day on average and this day we had 154\*X cancellations but only 10\*X of them mentioned Hong Kong so the other 144\*X cancellations were uhhh... you know, just, variation."
I’ll be off, Azeroth. Catch you later Hyrule.
...You mean Bethesda? Blizzard doesn’t make Skyrim.
Would you say cancelled sub is enough or should people delete their accounts?
Wait, am I missing some context? Why would Skyrim coming out influence cancelation of Blizzard accounts? 

(Sorry, I'm not really familiar with Blizzard beyond what makes it to /r/popular, like this post.)
[deleted]
Thanks, autocorrect error
That’s almost certainly sufficient, though tacking on a HK wouldn’t hurt
Of course they will, don’t be ridiculous, if only for the simple fact that it’s literally someone’s job to quantify these kinds of things to execs.

They’ll want to know the metrics and how many people are doing this because they actually care vs the hype - it’ll play a role in their response as well as their statistical models on how many people will come back when this all blows over
Even if they can assume the reason they won’t. Data collection does not take assumptions into account.
If you think they don’t have a team working on it right now then you’re incredibly naive.
This is actually completely illegal in the EU because of GDPR. The company is not allowed to store data about you if you ask them to delete everything they have about you. They would be fined an enormous amount of money if they did. Just one case of not being GDPR-compliant would cost them 2 % of their yearly revenue.
I mean, they already have your credit card information, billing address, email, and any other information they collect off your accounts, and they collect info off any device you use blizz products on too.

They already have all that information, an ID doesnt give them anything they dont already have on you.
[deleted]
Honestly I get the outrage over the Blizzard controversy but checking your ID to verify it is you is a rational move.
You spend hundreds of dollars buying a game and some schmuck gets your username and password, should they be able to delete your account easily?  This kind of setup actually exists for a reason
And your license not being on record since creation anyway. What are they even correlating it with??
You can black out everything but your face and your name on any id and they'll still take it.  They do it so that its near impossible to have someone else delete your account unless they have your email, password, emails password, 2 factor, and your id.
It IS a typical back up option if your 2-step authentication is down due to mass traffic. Are you really this blinded by your Blizzard hate-boner? 🤷🏻‍♀️
Oh. Thank you.
Preach to em man
And all Kramer got was free coffee! Injustice!
To add, she only wanted her medical bills paid (~$20,000). Mcdonalds only wanted to give her $800, far less then her bills were. When she took it to court, it was the jury who wanted mcdonalds to instead pay $2.9 MILLION to her. She however settled for less then $600,000.

This woman waw being NICE to mcdonalds after they had almost killed her with coffee way above the point it should've been it. Prior to the case, they had over 700 reports of coffee burning people.
TIL
I also try to educate people to the truths about this case so don't take this the wrong way but you got a number of facts wrong: Firstly, it was not kept "150 over normal", it's temperature in the case filing was said to be "180-190F", if that was 150 over normal then normal temperature was 40F, does that sound right to you? 

&nbsp;

Secondly, she did not suffer third degree burns over a "large portion of her body", it was localized to her pelvic region (mostly thighs and genitals)

&nbsp;

Third, she was not hospitalized for months, her initial hospital stay was for 8 days, and she then received continued care (without lengthy stays) over the next 2 years for the skin grafts. Also while the injuries were not insignificant, she did not "nearly die" from them.

&nbsp;

Lastly, the case was never about "negligence in training and running operations", it centered around the fact that McDonald's sold her a defective product which her attorneys successfully argued the 180-190F coffee was

&nbsp;

Again, i don't disagree with your intended message, but if you're going to fight misinformation with facts, at least have the right facts.

&nbsp;

Addendum: after this case it was found that many other establishments, including non-McDondald's restaurants, kept their coffee at similar temperatures, and in fact McDonald's did nothing to change their procedure in the making or handling of their coffee, and it is today still kept at that same temperature, all they did was make their coffee cups a little thicker and put more sternly-worded warnings on the outside of the cup that the coffee was very hot

&nbsp;

I am not siding with McD's or any corporations however, i absolutely acknowledge and agree that they waged a massively successful propaganda campaign to discredit this poor woman and turn her case into the poster child for frivolous lawsuits in America, which is not right and should be called to light.
Uh, that was Tim Sweeney @ Epic, not EA. Although I do live under a rock other than about the last five minutes, so it could be both...
Depends on whether the No China package is DLC with lootboxes
They have yet to take *any* stance in their customers' favour, so they can suck a fat one.

Also, that was Epic, not EA.
With all these issues and mass uprisings against EA, I think adding "we are pro China" to their list isnt something they want to do. Especially since they are still fighting politicians on lootboxes, I'm sorry, "surprise mechanics."
And Nintendo's just standing off to the side doing its own thing, like usual.
But it is not because it disable the 4 other ways to delete the account to ask for a I.d. picture. The other 4 ways were also reliable but noone wants to give their i.d. so itll stop people from deleting account
The only reason Id on't think it is sensible is because they never asked for your ID to even start the account so what exactly are they checking your ID against? All the information on the ID could be photo-shopped and fake but how would they know? What exactly are they checking for here with the ID?
Look up the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas and the work of James Pavur or even some articles of the French authority (CNIL) on this ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This isn’t to delete an account, it’s to get rid of your purchases FOREVER. So you tell me if someone’s account was breached, it should be as simple to get rid of the products they own as pressing a delete button? Because sending ID to protect your hard earned cash is so hard and so unreasonable?

0 chances against laws. You’re mixing things. But you know what’s nice? If it is, we’ll know real soon.
That's hilarious and I'm in the mood for mischief.

I might even append 'alternatively, you could action my request to delete my account'
I was a potential customer who logged in the other morning to get some info about wow classic (the S/O played back in OG and wanted to play it again) and read what they did, we chose to get FFXIV instead.
Yes.
I use Lastpass, I'm fairly certain I'd know if it typed it correctly or not.
Who doesn’t use password managers?
except tencent has things in their stipulations that nothing gets passed without going through their representatives on the board in most of their investments. So they effectively can stall the company if they don't get their way and really cause hell.

5% that can cause the 95% some real hurt if they don't get their way.
That's all fine, but it you don't stand against this you are standing with them. Your games worth that?

Edit: whoops, this is what I get reddit in when I'm tired. You are making a stand, I commend you.
That's not irony, unless you think the Chinese authorities being appeased are the ones hacking your friends' game accounts.

*It's ironic you would use an African company to install your home security because I was robbed by black people.*
Calm down and think about your actions. Delete your account if you want after a few days. I don’t think deleting your account will hit them any harder than just unsubscribing. 

If so happens a few months later when everything boils over and/or blizz made a huge u-turn, you might end up wanting to play something again, then you will have to spend on a game only, filling their pockets unnecessarily. You might hastily say no now, but who knows down the line.
Believing in things and jumping onto a bandwagon are two different things.
In fact it is in the EU
Yeah dude, I suggest it was.

By your standards, you're aware of all the products and services you're using that you're being an hypocrite for, right? Let alone just the games, since they own a big share of a majority of all AAA multilayer game devs like they do blizzard, but also companies...

Like... Reddit, for one.

So, I guess you can't be on reddit anymore, right?
For many people,  this is the first time they've heard about what's going on with China.  No need to to gatekeep just because they weren't there from the beginning
I have similar sentiments, but the reality is that people now live in little bubbles they have constructed for themselves and ignore anything that would make them uncomfortable or force them to deal with what is going on around them. If this is what it took to make some people look outside the bubble and be pissed at what they found, I'm okay with that.
Given that the stock is near guaranteed to take a significant hit now, it would be a great time to buy blizz stock I think once they rebound from this clusterfuck.

Because the current value IS going to drop over the next few days to possibly months, depending on how this goes on and the impact it has on blizzcon.
Bad idea, with all this conteversy it’ll plummet. If you buy it at it’s lowest they’ll likely recover if you want to risk it but hey I’m no stock genius
Sure, I'll try to cancel my Battle.net account via Article 17 (I live in the EU) but idk if it will work. I won't give them my ID that's for sure

Edit: Done it via SMS verification
Someone pointed out that last year on Overwatch League someone was promoting LGBT+ and Blizzard didn't ban this person. Don't know it's true.
Congrats, you worked out how civil disobedience works.
>It's essentially just a security check to attempt to prevent accounts from being repossessed.

Then why are they using it as a way to prevent people from deleting their accounts?
People are not pleased.
No, I do understand it. It's a very lame attempt at PR spin by you. Either you are connected to the company through employment or you are oddly attached and "loyal" to them as though you were. Feel bad for you either way.
people ARE dicks.
With GDPR you should get it to work somehow, but maybe not with a simple button but an email. There are good prewritten ones on the web.
Timing is everything.
And yet you call me names.

Ooh I see you deleted that....gee why?
Due to how Hong Kong's human rights are being grossly violated with China trying to forcibly assimilate a place that would otherwise want to be a city-state, lots of horrific stories are heard from Hong Kong.

Blizzard, by taking those actions, are saying "We don't support those who support Hong Kong, we'd rather turn a blind eye to the atrocities over losing potential money that we could maybe perhaps get in the future should the Chinese market favour us."

Since most of the Western world values freedom and hate authoritarianism, many are enraged at such a decision by Blizzard, which tramples many of the core values they themselves said they had.
That's what several people told me after the fact.  At the time I was wondering "If the photo is required, why even have the other 4 options on the page?"
If they refuse, yes. That's why I wrote illegitimately. Like: "Don't try to cancel by just calling your credit card company." You still have to, at least, try to cancel the normal way.
I don't think you understood what I'm saying.  BBB has no actual power at all, and are actually quite corrupt.  They have been selling high ratings to companies for years.
They didnt add anything.
[deleted]
Well then you haven't tried to delete your accounts.
Blizzard asked me for photo ID when I asked to remove my authenticator about 3 years ago.
Tbf what you are actually paying for is the 2 in game pets. The in game Onsie, and the two Overwatch skins
And I thought 50$ was too much to see Kojima on Russian Comic-Con
But you'll get this exclusive x for game y if you do it. You'll be special... Just like us, here in Blizzard.
the coverage of the show/panels/floors is pretty good, yes, but most are paying for the goodies
There is talk of E3 doing a virtual ticket but itll get you access to all the demos at home
But muh video game skins
i always bought the virtual ticket and never bothered to watch the stream. if you play all Blizzard-Games its kinda worth it. This year you got 2 exclusive pets and a transmog-set for WoW, 2 exclusive Skins for Overwatch, Hearthstone Cardback, Skins for Starcraft and i forgot if there was a HoTs reward.
It's also something events like this do so they can dump these tickets on people and pretend they just "gifted" them something of value instead of basically just.spamming a hyperlink.
Overwatch loot boxes are cosmetic so there's no reason to spend money unless you really want something specific.

Hearthstone has 3 modes: Pay-to-Win, Arena, Tavern Brawl. I personally will never pay for cards.

Heroes of the Storm is the real freemium cash grab. You can only play with a limited set of characters at first, and to unlock the rest you have to play 100s of hours or pay $50+.
Worked with a kid who said he spent hundreds on a hearthstone deck. I mean atleast magic you get a physical card but good lord.
Except, generally, a PPV event isn't some hyped up marketing event for the event organizers own products.
Because China is extremely anti LGBT

Any movie or video game with a gay character or even reference in it is automatically banned, it's literally in the law.
Because originaly there was a pro-hk group that was allowed to march with the gay pride ( a group organized and made of gay people duh ) but the pro-ccp side threatened to "sabotage" the parade. So beying the totally strong people who stand up for human rights the organisers are, they decided the best course of action was to boot the pro-hk side. Under threats...
Two gay guys from Hong Kong were going to march with a pro-Hong Kong message on their shirts.  The pro-CCP types heard about it and successfully badgered the pride organizers to get those two expelled from the march.
I'd imagine gay people might care? Huge percentage of the world still makes it illegal etc. Even where it is legal people are killed for being gay by horrible religious crazies and whatnot.
You completely miss the point but ok. 👌
E3 I'm less surprised about tbh.

I might just be a bit biased though because of how they handled Blizzcon last year.
Wait a minute, i thought E3 was for professional only, so i checked and saw this :

https://www.e3expo.com/register/attendee

990$ to see trailer and company stands, people are pigeon, what the hell.
Yeah not knocking blizzcon but in my opinion atleast E3 for someone like me would enjoy a ton more, a bunch of new game reveals, im not super informed about blizzcon but im pretty sure its pretty much just blizzard and a couple other game company’s. While E3 is/ was a bunch of different studio’s showing off there up and coming new games for the year. Maybe im just biased cause ive always really enjoyed watching the E3 shows every year and blizzcon while i do enjoy some blizzard games just isn’t nearly as enjoyable. Maybe im crazy and misinformed if so my bad.
With all the free swag like T-shirts they give out, it's more value to go.
I would have understood E3. Many companies are in there. But just for shitty Blizzard? Not really. No.
It seems pretty weird to me, you are paying $200 to go to an advertisement
Ah, right.

Obviously I've never been to one. Thanks.
Isn't Blizzcon a fan convention, though? Not a conference? Those *should* be cheaper. I'm not they *historically* are or anything, just that they should be. I don't know.
I think it’s expensive even for conferences. I believe this year is $230? By comparison PAX EAST is $200, but that’s for 4 days, not 2 days. So blizzcon is more than twice as expensive, for a more niche lineup.
Tali actually said it best here:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPrFvcdKxWw&t=16m5s
> Let's not get defeatist this early!

Most here even forgot what Blizzard did earlier this year. Had a lot more immediate impact too.

Not blaming anyone. But it's hard to get riled up when I know that nothing will change. Sucks for Blizzcheung. Really does. Better choice would have be not to be dependent on Blizzard in the first place, but I get that this was his one shot. Gotta take that.
If they cited health and safety, of event goers and members of staff, they'd be covered no doubt. Never underestimate the ability of big corporations to save money
Surely it will be noticable just by the fact that you'd get hundreds or thousands of people complaining they were kicked out. Either way it puts blizzard in a tough spot. Kick out fans that will surely be very vocal about it and put blizzard loving China back in the western news or upset China
 further. So it's a win win either way!! I encourage everyone go and do this.
The irony is that it was published on an official Blizzard channel. It represents the company. Officially.

Representing political views on a Blizzard channel is what they banned Blitzchung for.
They use Blizzards branding and name though. Legal technicalities are irrelevant.
"*Most*" companies, I think, would be more accurate. But, yeah, what a shame.
Blizzard went bad when they started kowtowing to the demands of an *authoritarian state*. Not because they produced a thing you wanted to buy.
If you're fabricating problems, yes.
Thanks for clarifying.
I'm not *sure* of anything atm. I haven't deleted my own account so I don't know what the reality is.

There are three real possibilities the way I see it.

First: They've always required photo ID for this (no idea why any given person's ID was rejected)

Second: Overloaded

Third: Preventative while they hope this whole thing blows over. Even stalling a couple days could salvage hundreds or thousands of accounts if this dies down at all.
>Then they could implement a log in with my national id card framework

They sure could! Although their main playerbase doesn't have a national ID card framework, so it's questionable whether they'd implement a system for that sort of thing.

>If they really demand an identification method then that's the simplest way that won't send any of my private information.

True enough.
I resemble this remark!
r/therealjoke
I’m actually now wondering how the island city of Hong Kong is getting their food currently.
You dropped this: /s
The casters need to be taken by someone else too.. One of the casters was crying on stream I believe.
I fail to see how this damaged Blizzard's image. Also they shouldn't hold esports stars from politics. How else are pro-players supposed to secure basic human rights?
Blizzard violated their own TOS not to mention internal logical consistency (but who needs that in China) in their Chinese weibo release.
The portion of the tos they are using is a catch all, "offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages Blizzard image". Anything you say can offend someone.
The EU's **G**eneral **D**ata **P**rotection **R**egulation.
As part of it you have a right to access data stored on you:

    Individuals can get access to all of their data from a given firm, including their employer, by filing a subject access request.
    The GDPR will eliminate the cost for subject access requests and shorten the required response time from 40 days to 30.

The best part is, this applies to companies doing business with EU citizens, so you yourself don't have to be an eu citizen to make use of it.

So long as blizzard does business in the EU, (and they do) you can use the GDPR to request your data from them.


^(^TBH ^this ^last ^bit ^is ^the ^bit ^I'm ^a ^little ^unsure ^of, ^that's ^how ^I ^understand ^it, ^but ^it's ^possibly ^wrong)
Done
I felt oppressed playing their games tbh
I honestly had.. bigger letdown than when my inflatable girlfriend sprang a leak.
Hahahahahaha
So, what, some other company offers Wow?
What law, specifically?
There is no law that states to profit and to increase profit yearly.  
What you are talking about is a part of agency theory of reducing agency loss where, in protecting the investment of shareholders, incentives are put in place for the company executives to ensure profits thus making sure that anything that is seen as a better avenue for profit will be considered and implemented.  i.e. rolling over to the Chinese.

As pointed out  there are companies that strive for long term sustainability instead of short term profit grab.  The problem is that while company direction is decided in a democratic way in annual meetings it only takes a small percentage of active shareholders that show up and vote to change that direction.  As original shareholders convert shares to cash as their interest and involvement in companies wanes there is unfortunately the trend for profit takers to step in and gut the holdings and trample on the founding ethos.
Trust me when I say this.  The is no law that says corporations must make a profit.  Nor LLCs nor sole proprietorships etc.
So a Non Profit is the devil eh?
Your kidding right? You blame capitalism when clearly the coercive and much more wrong actor here is a communist totalitarian government?
Didnt Amazon operate on loss year after year to drive out competition?
There is no such law.

In short, very short, a company has to stick to it's stated mission statement.

" company becomes incorporated "

I'm sorry, but do you really know what that means?

My company was incorporated. i.e. became a corporation. I am in no way legally bound to make a profit.

Think about what you are saying. If what you said was true, it's not, that means a company who didn't increase profit is breaking the law. Does that make any sense to you?

&#x200B;

There are a lot of problem, we don't need people making up imaginary laws and confusing the issue. Please Stop
That is bullshit. You cannot make a law predicated on a prediction. Point out any companies which had product flops or fell out of style and sales were hurt, did any of them get sued for breaching fiduciary duty? I’ll quickly answer that they did not. You cannot predict future profits any more than you can predict a loss.
not trying to be rude but I suggest you study business a lot more before you talk about it. this comment is incorrect on multiple levels.
Removing that law won't fix a damn thing. They got a taste of what ' More Money ' is, they'll want more until they are dead in the water.
I was being generous
Theres a difference between catering to consumer needs and actually giving a damn about them. It seems a lot of people were under the impression that Blizzard did the latter
Cheers
[deleted]
It's not just the getting banned, People are forgetting that Blizz also took around 10k of Blitzchungs pre won WINNINGS. 

They robbed the shit out of him, and then banned him and fired two innocent interviewers. 

They need to go down.
Are you defending valve for siding with china here then? If your going to say oh well... you are siding with china.
You got a source on that? It sounds absurd
Valve banned a caster for making jokes because china said so. And said they will never work with him again. Over a joke.
Yeah I ignore people who complain about that because I don't enjoy downvotes tbh.

You'll get downvoted less for using /s than for not using it
He isn't wrong though.
I don't know enough about the situation to say myself. but is it not true that there are people from China who view those rebeling negatively, in which case somebody spreading their political agenda in what should be an esports related interview is something blizzard has every right to find issue with.
It's "In Blizzard's sole discretion"

They covered their asses. That phrase essentially means 'we can ban on a whim for no reason at all, just cause we felt like it.'
I think that perfectly describes what has happened to blizzard's image as a result.
It is incredibly disreputable and offensive. If you are a Chinese despots bitch.
From a business perspective, that dude had no right to use his win as a platform for a political issue. Yes HK needs support, but what has Blizzard got to do with that? He fucks their business whether they support HK or support China. They should be suing *him*, but he couldn't possible afford the damage done.

People deleting their accounts of *this* are a bunch of idiot lemmings. There are plenty of legit reasons to delete.
>Supporting HK is hardly disreputable or offensive

It IS to China and many of the Chinese public. That's the point.
Yeah, I think for the last at least 15 years Blizzard hasn't needed any help from *anyone* to ruin their reputation. I'd go as far as to say that nobody could possibly have done a better job.
They arent up for argument sadly. Because it clearly states, " In Blizzards sole discretion". So it's gray area rule. Meaning you cant do anything about it.
"In Blizzard's sole discretion" is the key phrase. They get to decide if your breaking the rule or not. It's basically a catch-all rule they can use to punish you for anything.
The member states each have an institution people can complain to. If there are enough complaints, the national data protection authority might start an investigation, but depending on which country starts it, it's more likely they'll solve the issue instead.
If you have the capital to fight the case AND your lawyer believes your case strong, you should get costs awarded back at the end.
It's not actually the EU you should be complaining to, but to your local official data protection office. Every member state has one.

I also recommend sending a mail to the Blizzard data protection officer first. These requests are handled manually, and if they fail to comply, that's another breach of the law. If you ask them to delete your information, they have 30 days to comply.

If you do want to delete your account, I recommend to also ask them to give you a copy of all information they had on you prior to deletion. You are legally entitled to this. If they later get sued by someone and it turns out they handled information improperly, you can use that as evidence to claim damages.
In capitalist America; America steal back with interest, comrade.
It’s illegal, but they still do it.
Won‘t let me delete my account without government ID.
I am gonna complain to the EU privacy office 
https://imgur.com/a/SsOCFF2/
They are also requiring IDs in Europe. This is so someone with a grudge can't get all your stuff permanently deleted.

I mean... hurr durr America sux!
But muh gunssss
Please do let me know how this goes. I'm in EU and want to delete my account as well. I'm not sending them my ID details.
What are they gonna do wrong with your ID though?
That's going to sting for Blizzard. GDPR fines are insane.
 [https://www.csoonline.com/article/3383244/how-to-report-a-data-breach-under-gdpr.html](https://www.csoonline.com/article/3383244/how-to-report-a-data-breach-under-gdpr.html)
It's the right to erasure that is under the GDPR umbrella in the EU. I.e, you have to implement the right of erasure to be GDPR compliant.
Already mentioned that in my first try. They ignored it. I reopened the tt.

I only have D3 though which I haven't played in years and don't intend to ever play again :D
+100 to your social credit score. Congratulations, you now have a reduction of 3 days for a future liver transplant. You are 50 credit score closer to your next nationalist level with increased perks and more love for your country.
If you know the email address you can send a fake email from that address without knowing the password.
I'll be relocating this when deleting my account today. Let me know if it works for you if you get the chance. Thank you.
unfortunately for you they can pretty much get everything on you if they were so inclined.  It doesn't take that much info to find everything on a person.  Just how the world is
Zero reason... Other than the reason clearly outlined in the comments you're replying to.
Well I want to delete my account but I don’t want to lower my social credit score.
Its only 5% that Tencent owns ([https://www.marketwatch.com/story/activision-blizzard-suspends-e-gamer-for-hong-kong-comment-2019-10-08](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/activision-blizzard-suspends-e-gamer-for-hong-kong-comment-2019-10-08)). 

&#x200B;

But from the behavior of Blizz you would think its 100%
"Major" is a stretch. Tencent owns ~5% of Activision-Blizzard shares. In contrast, Epic has taken the opportunity to try and earn back some good will by speaking out against Blizzard's decision, and Tencent owns ~49% of Epic Games.

Let's not shift any blame off Blizzard for this. They're not in a "our hands are tied" type situation where they're being puppeteered against their will, they're _willingly_ and eagerly sucking China off without having to be "asked".
 do a simple search and you can easily confirm :

[https://www.businessinsider.com/china-to-require-facial-id-for-internet-and-mobile-services-2019-10](https://www.businessinsider.com/china-to-require-facial-id-for-internet-and-mobile-services-2019-10)

[https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7529453/Chinese-internet-users-pass-facial-recognition-test-use-web.html](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7529453/Chinese-internet-users-pass-facial-recognition-test-use-web.html)
nice shill for blizz and the chinese communist party.

zerohedge is just a news aggregator and they always publish their sources in their articles if you want to verify.

also do a simple search and you can easily confirm :

https://www.businessinsider.com/china-to-require-facial-id-for-internet-and-mobile-services-2019-10

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7529453/Chinese-internet-users-pass-facial-recognition-test-use-web.html
But what are they verifying?  I signed up for my account when I was fourteen.  No ID at all, and I have an *extremely* common name.  It's be ridiculously easy to make a fake ID to delete my account.
Huh, did you have any info for them at all? All I could remember was a server and a character name.
Holy shit
-
And people were laughing about GDPR, are you laughing now?

In EU we have more rights than some ~~American~~ Chinese company. Do you see now why Reddit and pretty much every tech mega crop was spreading anti-GDPR propaganda?
But do you really expect a tiny lil indie company such as Blizzard to have the high class technology to do such a thing? Don’t be so naive. 

/s
Only if people have SPF / DKIM up. Some smaller shittier mail hosts still doesn't.
I'm pretty sure an *enormous* amount of accounts get compromised because a person uses the same email/login all over the place including battle.net.

So if some dbag has your Bnet info in a lot of cases they have your email as well.
There's no "logic" to debate here. I'm letting people know that this is for deleting your account, not unsubbing.

The response was specifically to this statement:

>I had to send my picture ID to them. Although now they are using this as an obstacle to unsubscribe as oopose to the last layer of security.

Which is, as far as I know, false. It's not for unsubbing, it's for outright deleting your account or removing 2fa.

If you want to bitch about them requiring an ID or outright not letting you delete your account that's a different conversation and I agree with you completely.
And naturally they at least for years didn't allow you to change your name without a photo ID either. So there's no way you could fix it. Now (naturally when I don't want to use their services anymore) I can change my first name if I please but still nothing I can do about my last name.
I realize what people are saying, I'm more saying I've observed a general increase in the hurdles over everything to do with accounts in the past few days. Also pointing out that it's ridiculous to start requiring government issued IDs for anything to do with any of this.

Edit: OH I was referring to them never requiring an ID for me to fix my authenticator
What's a facebook onion address?
Christ, this is the most uninteresting comment on Reddit.

Then I guess it works differently. Idk, I'm not an expert in all national laws. Two Americans were talking so it wasn't really relevant.

Thanks for at least adding to the conversation by SAYING something about how it might be different somewhere else. Oh wait you didn't
They hire people to do a job, and if your job is *"tick the box if it specifically mentions Hong Kong"* you tick the box if it specifically mentions Hong Kong. Why would you start doing text analysis and a guessing game on the other tickets just to determine whether or not they are related to Hong Kong when that's not your job?

Believe it or not, but some people are currently unsubscribing for reasons other than Hong Kong.
What did Nintendo do?
No I meant Blizzard. People would put Skyrim as their reason for cancelling their WoW accounts.
That's a personal choice but I would just cancel the sub. You delete the account and character wipes take place after 6ish months I think. If the sub is cancelled the account  remain intact.
Skyrim was just released and people knew they would be getting immersed in a huge game, didn't want to spend 12-15 bucks for a game they wouldn't play. I had the employee code so I didn't have to worry about money being wasted.
Whenever you cancel your account, sometimes they would have a "do any of these up and coming games interest you" kind of section and it would have checkboxes for games.

So you could just ally up the amount of people who clicked the Skyrim box vs having to dig into comment boxes talking about Skyrim.
*honk*
>GTdspDude

the auto correct was working for Blizzard
Same is happening for me, am based in Germany.
Don't have to get caught storing it when a copy is saved on your overlord's servers
It's not checking your ID, it's covering their backs. If they delete and/or give someone else access to potentially thousands of dollars of your digital goods, and you then sue them over it or something.  
They can say; *"Look, we asked for an ID, we got their ID. We did our due diligence to try and make sure it was the right person. It's not our fault someone committed identity theft to break into this account."*
Getting downvoted because you said something reasonable and rational lol
Another poster said something along the lines of your character not actually getting deleted until about 6 months after account deletion, i.e. the more reasonable option is to show for account recovery rather than Big Brother requiring sensitive personal information in order for you to tell them you don't want to use their product anymore.
They didn’t require that info when they took my money years ago, why do they need it now? Why would you even remotely trust them with something like a copy of your drivers license with your photo and your address on it? What makes you think them or any other company will keep that info secure?
While I agree with what you said... I wanna point out that a LOT of people feel very uncomfortable giving blizzard our personal info now. They clearly are giving it to china. Also... what they are doing is illegal in Europe. You cant make it harder to cancel something than it is to start it. They dont require a i.d to set up a account. It's a very clear violation of the gdpr.
I don’t know what their current security situation is, but way back in cataclysm someone managed to get my account, which had an authentication on it, and completely lock me out. Took blizz 2 months to get me back in, but of course everything had been long sold off and characters were deleted. When I tried to talk to someone about getting my shit back the response amounted to” you tough titties, shouldn’t have been locked out for so long.”
[deleted]
ah, a shillbot
The name and birthdate you gave them on registration to confirm that you are the account owner.
> Prior to the case, they had over 700 reports of coffee burning people. 

400 from *that specific restaurant*.
I might be remembering a different case then, though I believe both of them involved a woman who was initially suing for medical compensation alone. The one I'm talking about had the coffee stored at about 240 I believe, though I could have misremembered the number since it has been a while. thinking back though, I'm not sure the case I'm talking about was about McDonald's. I'd look into it if I wasn't at work right now, but I don't have time on my break to find out the exact case.
That's right. But there was also a post flaoting around here, listing the companies that stated that they won't be affected by China and one of them was also EA.
EVE Online is just spinning away in the background, ignoring the rest of the world.
I'm not saying it should be as simple as providing a delete button.  How they verify your identity is their problem.  I know for sure they can't demand you to provide ID card information.  It's obvious they are doing this to prevent as many as possible to successfully grant their request.  You say there is "0 chances against laws" (whatever that means) but there are existing precedents and EU has shown to be really tough on this even when it involves big companies.  Concerning your comment "of wasting your time": all I need to do is fill in some forms and my local government agency handles it from there.
You can't just say "yes" and not provide any actual proof. I've yet to see a single instance of that occurring.
12 yrs old blizzard fanboy
As true as that may be, "Tencent owns a majority of the company" is a very specific turn of phrase and is not up for debate or interpretation as to the meaning.

In a culture that clings heavily to soundbites and headlines, wilful misinformation and inaccuracies cause far more collateral damage than they should.
Dude just said he unsubscribed from and uninstalled WoW. How can you insinuate he's not standing against them after that?
No way, I am living through the tear gas police state we have here right now, and Blizzard chose to side with a communist dictatorship over a single player who said a small slogan that no one noticed. China is only 5% of Activision Blizzard’s revenue. They already did some dispicable things to their (now former) employees. I have no intention of supporting this company again. There are many other things I can play.
Whatever validates your own world view, dude. I didn't delete my account because I don't see value in it, but if others due, that's on them. No need for me to get their approval for my own actions either.
Agreed
A company like blizz should absolutely rebound. This is a good time to buy if it's aboht to tank. Add on to the fact that blizzcon is next month, call of duty comes out at the end of this month and people on the internet have week long memories. You'll likely earn a good chunk of change if you started buying
Some would argue that human rights are not a political matter - they should just be the default. But, to be fair, by that standard supporting Hong Kong is also not political.
Yes, and he accepted his punishment and people everywhere are revolting against Blizzard, who literally just enforced their own rules. 🤷‍♂️
If I were to guess, because people are screwing up the process.
Nope i'm not spinning it nor am I attached, nor am I defending Blizzard, they fucked up and everyone knows it. There is usually a simpler solution to why things are they way they are, I am simply providing a more plausible explanation then everyone else who is loosing their minds over why the deletions are "locked". Yes companies can be super evil I wont deny that and hey maybe Blizzard is Satan incarnate but only time will tell.
Are you for real? Just because someone is rationale enough and doesn’t support your agenda, he’s somehow affiliated to the company? It’s not him you should be sorry for.

For what it’s worth, I don’t see you complaining about this feature years ago when this was implemented.
Haven't needed to change country, but just to delete an account should not need ID on this kind of scale.
Not even facebook needs your frickin ID to delete your account
Even without all the HK issue, $50 for two in game pets and a few skins is still way too expensive.
i would have bought it for the OW-Skins alone. i spend like \~600 € into Overwatch. i think it would be kinda hyprocrite to start now with "oh no, this is to expensive"
You got in-game items it was $30 also
So basically you're paying for a condom you cant even really use?
Tbf what you are really, really paying for is someone other than you to own a real life yacht.
Is one of the pets this year a small light brown bear with a penchant for honey?
$50 for basically a microtransaction bundle still seems insane.
what about hong kong bro
> Overwatch loot boxes are cosmetic so there's no reason to spend money unless you really want something specific.

Therein is the predatory scheme of it all, though.  The game is not even F2P, yet they aren't even courteous enough to allow us to buy specific skins for real money.  You have to gamble.  It's like paying to get into a points-for-prizes arcade and still paying for the games, then being told you don't get to choose your prize.

"Here's 5000 plastic spider rings. Try again if you want that video game that was popular two years ago."
But Tracer is gay...Overwatch is still there.
I figured the Parade might have done something they feel is offensive but no, just random lunacy.
There's no LGBT people in China.
Just a degenerate Western thing, obviously. I blame the 70's.
But... it’s in Canada.....
Revolting, and that's an understatement.
Thats what they own punishment for siding with left wing politics and communism progressives instead of siding with the right wing which actually does fight against all that bs as communism and anti freedom
Eh, I really only cared for Overwatch, and from what I know, their discussion panels are pretty cool, so for me last year Blizzcon is just fine XD
It is, the problem that MANY trade shows have is the general public or the wrong types of businesses often want to attend. It's in the event's best interest to offer a really high ticket cost that will dissuade 99% of these people who don't belong, but for the truly crazy/rich that do it anyway the event makes bank.
When I went it was only like $200
It’s not really an advertisement though. The people that go are diehard blizzard fans so there’s not much more to sell them on gamewise at least from my personal standpoint.

This year will be my third blizzcon and I’d say it’s well worth the price because the community is so great to be around. Being able to sit down at one of the eSports events and just creating easy conversation feels so awesome. This year is going to be quite interesting though, I have no idea how this mess is going to play out.
Some people spend $200 on cocaine most weekends.. soo... not that crazy man
Well, yeah. I´m not sure. I´ve been to some corporate conferences (paid by my work) and the tickets were something like 500-700 euro and I was really caught off guard by that. 

And often times it wasn´t anything special. 

Never been to fan-con tho.
Better be a legit reason or the insurance company would file attempted fraud because they are also corporate and hate to lose money. I have yet to NOT see a insurance company send out a claim agent to investigate. Besides a fine there wouldn't be a insurance company that would even consider covering any further event they happen to sponsor if they tried to do something bogus...
Even if they dont allow any costumes or anything related to HK they cant stop people from using their vocal chords (yet).
yeah but the rules don't apply to them! DUH!
They're incredibly relevant to anyone looking for the actual truth of the matter and not just trying to spin up the hate machine.

* The comment posted above is completely in line with everything else posted in the propaganda state that is the CPC; it shouldn't be surprising to anyone.
* NetEase's use of Blizzards branding and name is part of their contract, just like it is with most other westernized things marketed in the east.

Yeah, it causes confusion, especially as everyone is waiting intently for Blizzard-actual to say something, but you shouldn't be assigning one groups words to another, especially when one of those groups is literally run by the state.

Facts are important, especially in times of confusion.
Fabricating problems of people not being allowed to shut down their accounts without facial ID, which is a giant red flag for a company that works for China?
r/usernamechecksout
Could anyone explain this one to me?
Afaik, food can be resupplied if TW, US or Japan want to kick in. But water will be big issue, also electricity.
/r/FuckTheS 

and no, rights do not exist, you're livestock, they can take everything from you at any time
I was referring specifically to the previous posters comments which were in regards to the *player* being "singled out and career destroyed".

As for the casters... it's a stickier situation for sure, they certainly got the short end of the stick **however**, it's hard for me to feel *too much* sympathy, as they were very clearly complicate in the matter.

*  They saw Blitz come out in Hong Kong protest-like garb (goggles, face mask), which is at the very least a warning sign.
* They repeatedly told him to "say the 8 words and then we'll cut". The "8 words" is a reference to the liberate Hong Kong rallying cry, and so it's pretty hard to imagine they didn't know what he was going to say when they're were encouraging him to say it before he said it.
* They ducked down behind the desk, which seems weird from a westernized standpoint, but is a sign of deference in that they want all attention on him and his words. Now this is an important distinction considering that they didn't do this at any other time in the tournament, so again you have to question how and why they were acting differently here if they had no idea what he was going to say.
* They're also bound by similar rules as the players themselves, namely in representing the company they're working for at the time. Rules which, by the way, are designed to dissuade people from hijacking these events in order to push whatever agenda they want (political or otherwise).

So in light of the facts, I certainly still feel bad for them... but I also think it was justified. It should also be pointed out that they're independent hires without any contractual obligation, so they weren't "fired" so much as they will not be "hired" in the future. It still means a loss of future job prospects, but it's not quite the same as a full time employee getting shitcanned.
It hasn’t damaged anything, it violated their tos so they banned him. He can preach about his politics on his own time.
Where did blizzard violate the tos?
Yep and that catch all caught someone. It’s his fault for trying to push his political agenda on blizzard and it’s fans.
All of them do.  World of Warcraft was just a ripoff of Everquest with a bigger marketing budget. 

I'd suggest Final Fantasy 14, personally.
https://definitions.uslegal.com/b/breach-of-fiduciary-duty/
He's not speaking if the kind if law that people go to jail for.  He is speaking of it as a truism.  Once your company has gone public this is the law.  You must have infinite growth or your company will die.  Since infinite growth in a closed system going public is also signing your company's death warrant unless you have shareholders like Nintendo does.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The CCP didn't proactively warn Blizzard about this, they did it of their own accord to protect their dealings, so in this context,  capitalism *is* to blame.

Additionally, mainland China is currently in their capitalist phase, which they consider a necessary step to successful communism
My kidding
I almost upvoted you thinking you were being ironic.
Also, it’s not a real law so there’s nothing to remove.
He's the example of modern age business CEOs. Just cares about the money, doesn't care about its customers, doesn't care about what they say, doesn't care about the enviroment ( this goes for others) so they keep producing regardless of the damage they are creating.
You're comparing apples and oranges. I watched the Shanghai Major. James '2GD' Harding was fired for his inappropriate jokes and nothing more. He was even told by the production to tone down on those jokes. 

He made several racist remarks too (in jest of course) so that probably didn't help his case. There is a huge difference in firing someone for supporting a revolution and firing someone for the way they're hosting a multi-million dollar tournament that you're organising.
Have you even seen what James said in stream? https://youtu.be/aVerBZfwWAs if you said that as a caster for literally anything, you would be fired
This guy is not siding with China, because his point is completely valid. Getting banned for Pro-HK/anti-China speech and having you prize money taken away after you have *already* won it is very different from someone doing that same thing *during* an ongoing tournament. It doesn’t matter what kind of speech you make, as long as it is during a professional event one should remain professional which talking about politics is not.
There is pro China, and there is 'its the right thing to do' but happen to be pro China.
https://rockpapershotgun.com/2016/02/29/dota-2-shanghai-major-james-2gd-harding/
[deleted]
Do you live off making fake news?
Except GabeN also fired the chinese production crew who was useless and called them out in the same post where he called James an ass.
I’m not saying he’s wrong, I’m saying that not only was someone so stupid that they made that comment, but another person was dumb enough to see this comment 15 minutes later, ignore the response to the other comment and make the same stupid comment
I think the problem arrises when they tried to take a political stance instead of outright just not caring about them. Would've been much smarter to just let it slide and say that they aren't affiliatef with the political opinions of anyone, because they're game devs, not a political party.
The reality is that in many areas terms and conditions which are deliberately vague to the point of being uninterpretable are actually not legally binding. So he has a leg the stand on.
Well I know a lot of people hate any kind of freedom, so youre right, anything advocating for it should be banned because they might be 'offended' by others talking about it..
"We can do anything" is not an enforceable contract.
You can't sign away your actual rights in any form of contract. Well, you can, but it won't hold up.
"Look what you made me do"
I, for one, cancelled my wow subscription because of financial reasons

I'm doing my part!

And idk, saying "from a business perspective" and "people (blizzard customers) deleting because of this are idiot lemmings" doesn't make any sense. Customers don't like decision, customers take their money and leave. Not nearly as harsh a punishment and a general statement on not being political would have done fine. They should have taken their time but they took a reactionary stance that makes them seem very pro China, which is a hot take at the moment, if you haven't noticed

If anyone should be fired,  it's whoever made that decision, their decision gave blizzard a political stance where it didn't need one
Blizzard would have been fine if they just cut away from him and said that they are just a gaming company and the political ideas of their players do not represent them. China couldnt be mad at them, we couldnt be mad at them. All the backlash is definitely their fault, not his.
It's offensive to Blizzard's business strategy is what it is
You mean something like the consumer protection groups? Sorry I am not a legal expert. I am European though and would jump on a complaint bandwagon xD
At this rate Russia is gonna be freer than america
Please do and post an update. Fascinating!
Yes, America does mostly suck
Trade them for this pack of salmiakki
Easier to get those than to cancel an account for a video game, freedum
I googled around a bit and don't really know where to complain. I already asked r/LegalAdviceEU, so hopefully someone there can point me in the right direction.

&#x200B;

Edit: I send a complaint to my countries consumer protection agency, including screenshot of the Blizzard site that wants my ID. Looks like my best option.
Risk of identity theft.
If they're refuse to cooperate with a GDPR request, submit a report to your relevant authority. They can get into massive trouble (fined up to 4% of turnover) if there's a pattern of non-compliance. GDPR does not mess around.
I was planning to dive into D4 with you 😢
However -110 social credit score for using forbidden metaphors online.

...

Also, happy cake day!
They can send you an email and you can reply?
Genius. With what will they cross-reference your ID with to prove you are the account holder of that email? Why should an hacker be questioned if they send their real ID in? I ASK YOU WHAT IS THE POINT?

They are just farming data and naive idiots are giving out all their info for nothing.
5% still is a massive amount considering the total value of Activision-Blizzard though
It’s only 5% but they give them access to the Chinese market so it’s way more than it seems
Activision+Blizzard has more than five times the net worth of Epic. 

5% is more than enough to buy significant influence within a company valued over £40 billion. 

I don’t believe it’s about the shareholders though. It’s most likely blizzard bowing down to the Chinese overlords so they don’t lose 10-15% of their market (or whatever it is), knowing how fickle the communists are. Without taking morals public outrage into account it’s probably the “right” move, economically.
Buy a ticket and come to China.

You can use a Google GFI phone in China - No need Facial ID.

Most of the families have cable internet.
By the way, Download an app called tiktok or Douyin China. You can learn more about China.

I am in China now.  

There are some fake news  spread on China social media too.
Also, why would a hacker delete the account? They want personal profit, they gain nothing by deleting the account.

Except if by "Hacker" they mean "ex boyfriend who knows the password"
John Smith Johnson is right.
I was just making a point, that there should be in no way a 'need' of your ID to delete your information \[from Blizzard\]. There are plenty of other means available to verify who you are who you say you are.

What's more - I don't ever recall being required to produce a legal document stating I have the proper authorization to use the credit card of mine for my monthly sub. do you?

'requiring' a govt id to delete an account is, at a minimum, an overreach. Especially in countries that have laws PROHIBITING it from even being a thing.
Fair enough
Jeez don't take it personally or anything.


The point I was making is that Blizzard asking for ID is bullshit because even if there's a registry to compare it to in the US, that still leaves then entire rest of world, so you could easily change your details and they'd have absolutely zero way to check.
They'll look at trends and infer from that. With such an obvious reason for an increase in account terminations, every standard deviation above what was expected will be assigned to this.
[This](https://youtu.be/c9eGtyqz4gY) is eight freaking years old
When was that ? Under GDPR you can demand for an imediate deletion of any of your informations
Sorry, I don’t think I get where you’re going with this comment, maybe just a r/whoosh on my part
...what do you mean same is happening for you?

germany is in the EU.

they ask for ID to prove it's actually you trying to delete your account that you've spent money on, then delete the data due to the fact it's illegal to store it.

this is a very  *very* common practice in customer support for most companies in the EU.
Isn’t that the way of Reddit?
Not really no, unless you are very active. There are people who stop playing blizz games for more than 6 months and then return later on.

I would be furious if my account got deleted easily by someone.
Those scenarios are not really comparable. If someone got their hands on my account, why would i mind if they paid for my gametime? I would on the other hand be very angry if they deleted it, so it makes sense for the deletion to be harder.
They compare it to your credit card details, or at least that’s what Sony does
But that is no proof, so they have no proof on record although they need it on account closure. The asymmetry in their required legally binding documents strikes me as real strange. You'd think that if they need a license on account termination, they'd correlate it with a similar license from creation, or else they might just as well not care about licenses altogether.
Yeah, I think it’s most likely you’re just misremembering in this case. Water boils at 212°F, so the only way to do what you describe would be in a pressure cooker.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dflkp5/blizzard\_wont\_delete\_my\_account\_even\_after/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dflkp5/blizzard_wont_delete_my_account_even_after/)

[https://twitter.com/LoLOrcasm/status/1182055300683026433](https://twitter.com/LoLOrcasm/status/1182055300683026433)

I'm too lazy to find more, but there was also an Australian fellow here on reddit who just cant delete his account because his ID gets rejected. I've just submitted my own request today, and added a scan with blacked out sensitive information. I'll let you know if they will accept it.

EDIT: The've denied my request.
If you don't want the account then disown it. The high security for deletions and the high quantity of requests right now means that they likely simply don't have the manpower to process them all right now, so if you really want to delete it then you're going to have to wait a few days.
What if Blizzard ends up splitting off from Activision, or is bought by (non-Chinese) owners later? The executives responsible for this would be gone and it would be ok to come back.

Not to mention if you just cancel your account but don't delete, they have to pay for storage (which is a fraction of a minuscule amount per person, but still). Cost them a little money.
nobody gets rich by buying stock during controversies, by trying to look smart you are proving to be a moron with no idea about how to make financial investments.
Yeah, that's what civil disobedience is. You break the rules you feel are immoral/unjust, accept the punishment and hope for the public to pick up on the fact that unjust, immoral rules should not exist and force the entity enforcing the rules to abandon them.
Meh facebook says otherwise.
[deleted]
You know, people pay hundreds of dollars for collectors editions that comes with cheap plastic figurines...
Not when you look at the average price of said items
You can get money for free by selling your gold on the in game marketplace
You never played Path of Exile, it seems.
1.99 is way too expensive ....
Sike. Blizzard sells single pets for $30.
People ate it up for an early access version of Classic WoW that lasted  a weekend.
You should see the skins for path of exile rofl. $64 wings and capes. $12 for a skin for boots. Etc etc lol
You must be new to Blizzard, that shit has been the staple lmao
So I guess you aren’t an idiot who buys fortnite skins
you should play war robots, easy $500 for a basic robot
[deleted]
It's birthcontrol that works by scaring away any potential partners you show it to
How is that different from like 90% of what you buy and/or use in your day to day?
No but you can find one in Stormsong
for a never-returning, time-exclusive, pack of items? not even close. when i am out on a concert i spend atleast 50€ on drinks. so 50€ to actively destroy my liver. the price for Rammstein was 140 €. i spend 140,00 € to listen to music i allready spend 20€ (for the CD) on a few month earlier.   


If you start thinking like that literally everything is insane. but what else do we work for 40 hours a week? i try to enjoy every single minute of my life cuz you never know when its going to end.
i wouldnt have bought it this year but i allready did when the sale started, which was roughly \~2 weeks ago.
[deleted]
She isn't gay in China. They changed her sexuality so Overwatch can be played in China.
Tracer isn't an LGBT character in China and Russia.
Because blizzard, the pandering assholes they are, removed them from the Chinese and Russian versions. They added them to pander, and they removed them to pander.
Wasn't that just a revelation made in some promotional media that never gets referenced in the game itself?
Not in China, they changed her back story there.
Gay, but in a way that is easily cut in China. AFAIK her gayness isn't referenced in game - only in outside media. Same with Soldier 76,
She isn’t gay in China.
>But Tracer is gay.

Not in china
Ya know conservatives in canada and in the US and in Brazil (figured it's like that in other places too) are know for voting agaisn't gay rights? Why would they side with the cons when they fight agaisn't them? Maybe if you spent less time in your life being angry you could understand this.
Fair enough ^^
You also generally get free invites to give out if you have a stand there. It’s how these events work in the line of work in in.
What you are paying for by going to a business conference is basically (in theory) value to your company. That easily translates to a lot more money than the entertainment value one should expect to receive by going to a fan convention. Its not that its special, its that its *valuable*.
Yea yea yea, and technically Blizzard in Germany isn't the same Blizzard as in the US. It's still the same commercial structure that profits off the local market under the same name, face and product, while feeding money back to the same shareholders. By all intents and purposes, NetEase is Blizzard in China.

NetEase isn't groveling in front of CCP under its own name and brand, they do it on the behalf of Blizzard.
The fabrication is pretending this has anything to do with the Blitz fiasco. This has been their mode of operation for YEARS. They're not trying to prevent people from deleting their accounts, they're making sure that your account doesn't get deleted (forfeiting all your games & wow account characters) unless it's actually YOU and not a hacker. And they've been doing this for years.

TL:DR It has absolutely nothing to do with China.
We just say Username checks out...
Basic human “rights”. Right hands...:)
I read it as the "do you guys not have cell phones?"
Aww you’re precious. Do you juggle while balancing on a ball too? Or is your whole shtick just hilariously edgy sentiments?
🤡

Whoops sorry sir. You dropped your mask
It was on his own time... You don't see the problem? Blizzard doesn't own him yet they destroyed his career. If Blizzard had a problem they should have gave him a warning or handled it at all differently. They decided corporate policy is "The esports player's human rights don't matter"
In his head canon right next to thrall had intercourse with ragnaros.
I love how supporting people defending their freedoms is simply a "political agenda" to you, it's not like he got up and yelled let trannies use bathrooms! Or whatever. America, where blizzard enjoys it's own freedoms, was built on the idea of liberty and justice for all, and like with the Truman doctrine, we should support it everywhere. While you are technically correct, this is clearly far more complicated than what you are saying.
Personally, I really *wouldn't*. And I say that as a long-time XIV player and, despite what I'm about to say, fan.

It's got plenty of content, but almost all of that content is sloooooow to get to and hard-locked off until you either plod through a glacial and needlessly padded month-or-two storyline or pay three times for three separate story skips.  
If I didn't play from ARR then trying to catch up now would be a burnout waiting to happen.

Plus, let's not pretend for a moment that XIV's combat isn't utter on-the-rails shit with little to no adaptation.

Honestly, it's got strengths, but it's an FF game first and a compelling MMO very *very* second. For a WoW player looking for something WoW-like it's practically anathema. 

For that I'd probably suggest TOR instead. Maybe Guild Wars 2 if you thrive on companies willing to lie to their long term player base to sell a sequel.
That’s a definition, not a law. Laws are things like CA Revised Statute 10-301 that are codified.
us legal.com though, that won't apply to most us.
You mean like a law of physics? That’s not how what OP wrote reads to me. And no offense, but you aren’t OP so I’m not sure that you really know what kind of law they are speaking for. How else does OPs use of “legally bound” make any sense if not referring to the kind of law that people go to jail for?
How about you show me this law that states corporations must not only make a profit but increase that profit year over year.......I’ll wait.
Because you are an adult that knows corporations lose money all the time and it's not a criminal offense.
Capitalism doesn't prevent any company from acting in a moral way. 

This is just a complete and utter garbage company with no morals that should be, and will be , punished by its userbase and shareholders like in any normal (capitalist!) society, that should be the conclusion.
The only reason this situation is even in the realm of possibility of occuring is because China is authoritarian and communist.
They did it in fear of a totalitorian communist government which shouldnt even exist under capitalism.

And nope.. capitalism cant exist without protection of private property which China doesnt have. China is more accurately described as fascist. The government can dictate what a "private" compay can or cannot do.
When most of your corporations are what's called state owned enterprise and your government has no respect for private property that is fascism, aka corporatism, not capitalism.
[deleted]
Watch the clips here https://youtu.be/aVerBZfwWAs this would be why James was fired
But there is no reason he can't inform the second idiot of the definition of Irony, again, since they clearly missed it. Idk, i see the guy getting downvoted as if he is doing something wrong, I'm just confused.
How is that even relevant besides people liking the joke of a big company not being indie? Is anyone defending their actions saying that or is this just a meme people like upvoting?
It would have been. However, that is a completely separate argument to "did they break the rules?", to which the answer is probably: "Yes, what he said was offensive to the chinese market".

There's a big case to be made for "even if he broke the rules, they shouldn't have", but he's not wrong in saying that sueing is likely to not have a good outcome because of this.
They literally shut them down completely, they don't support politics on their platforms... it's exactly the response you want them to give, 0 tolerance for politics, they took no side other than their own and the Chinese people profited from that to make their cause even more known to the west (yes, this is all a coordinated and highly taken out of context attack from China). The few thousands that got caught up in all this are simply naive since they don't bother to actually take logic into consideration or people with mental issues, the anarchists which are in the hundreds in reddit comments which is absolutely horrifying, because they actually gain support from other bozos, thankfully they almost exclusively seem to be from America and not anywhere near Europe.
It's not politcal at all. People just don't want to die or have thought control.
But "at Blizzards discretion" is an enforceable contract.  It's pretty easy to make a case that he expressed a viewpoint that Blizzard doesn't support, on a platform, owned and payed for by Blizzard.  Legally, they will not, under any circumstances, lose a case against him.  He doesn't have the resources to pursue trial against a multi million dollar company, and his best shot would be a rookie lawyer trying to make a name for himself with a high profile case.  Even then, Blizzard has dozens of lawyers hired on full time.  So as immoral, and stupid, it is, they certainly won't have to pay him a dime.
The person who said that during the blizzard competition put blizzard in a position where they were going to lose something, no matter what they did.
[removed]
Do it
Will trade but won’t eat.
Of all the things the world should learn from Scandinavia, Salmiakki is not one of them.
to be fair, in a 'MERICA you need guns to protect yourself

against the police
Thanks, upvoted and saved.
I did the same, thanks!
Complained too soon. The Blizzard self-service portal is not your final option, sending a DSGVO form letter to Blizzard's Data Protection Officer is. You should complain if they do not adequately respond to *that*.

The rules: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Datenschutz/Ueberblick/MeineRechte/Artikel/BerichtigungL%C3%B6schungSperrung.html

A form letter: https://www.mission-datenschutz.de/art-15-dsgvo/musterschreiben-fuer-auskunft-nach-dsgvo-art-15-dsgvo

e: My German isn't good enough to find all the relevant information and list it properly.
A company such as blizzard? You already trust them with your credit card info.
I received a new reply to my ticket.

They basically state that the request to see the id is in lieu with data protection. Do you have any information on how to report this? Is it some sort of online form?
No you still need the password the check the emails, but there are ways to intercept an email and so you can reuse the same previous method to answer

It may sound that emails are not safe but these exploits can’t be done if people on both ends have proper security and are a bit aware on cybersecurity
5% is still only 5% no matter how many make up that 5%, in the grand scheme of things. Blizzard is worried about losing access to the Chinese Market. Meanwhile you have Tim Sweeney of epic that has vowed to upkeep free speech on all their games even though tencent holds 40% of epic. Trying to blame tencent just detracts from blizzards greed.
As far as I know blizzard has not received any money from tencent. That 5% was aquired by tencent while blizzard was splitting from vivendi 4-5 years ago. before the split vivendi owned a majority share of blizzard, as its parent company, and then sold off much of their shares to both blizzard and the public. Several investment companies including tencent acquired chunks of stock. There are a number of companies today that own upwards of 4-7%. The worth of shares purchased at that time are up more then 200% today from then. At the high point last year it would have been worth 400%. That should have made it a good investment. Also, Just because they own 5% alone does not give one investor significant power over any other. Now blizz could certainly have a contract with tencent we have no idea about but that is random speculation.

As it stands, blizzard's actions are their own fault and blizzard made the rational business decision without thinking about the consequences of the involvement of a significant world wide issue. A good question I think, and one we will probably never know, is how high up the decision actually went in the company. I'd guess it probably never left whatever part of blizzard is dedicated to managing esports  before being announced. It probably should have gone higher, major political involvement was probably above their pay grade. Another thought is we don't know how regional the management of blizzard esports is. It's entirely possible all of se asia is one managed block and I wouldn't be surprised if it was centered in china. tldr I think this whole thing was caused by lower management somewhere but since they represented the company the whole company needs to take the blame.
it says starting dec 1st

so in 2 months
Damn near close.  I've even met three different women with my name, one the same age as me, with my birthday.
>I was just making a point, that there should be in no way a 'need' of your ID to delete your information [from Blizzard].

That's true, but I honestly *appreciate* the extra security. And it probably saves them an assload of work. I know you (and a lot of others) rightfully don't want to give out personal info if you don't have to. But the things the I.D. protects are potentially extremely valuable.


> I don't ever recall being required to produce a legal document stating I have the proper authorization to use the credit card of mine for my monthly sub. do you?

Nope! Only once to get 2fa removed. Had to remove 2fa from PS4 and they just asked me questions about my purchase history etc. Although the ps4 thing was concerning because they asked for extra numbers on one of my credit cards, which is also something that I didn't wish they have and didn't really want to divulge.

I think it's fair to say that if you want to delete your account or dick heavily with the security asking for additional info is acceptable, or at least the industry norm. What form that takes and what data is saved needs to be better communicated to everyone involved though. Because yeah, if they were saving my ID information somewhere I'd absolutely refuse.

Then again at least in the EU you can request all the data they have on you. Not sure about US.
There's some actual content to add, good job
I mean....you're both right.  It's just that you'd use the OP's method if you wanted to underplay the narrative.
They have 30 days to process and comply.
Any of your **personal** information, your in-game character isn't personal information.
This was 2007/2008
If I provided my ID when I signed up, yeah, I can see why that would be important.

Don't know why would I do that with an account that didn't need that at all.
Yeah I think it’s weird because I obviously didn’t show any ID while signing up. Other people in this thread also said this wasn’t legal in the EU.
>	I would on the other hand be very angry if they deleted it, so it makes sense for the deletion to be harder.

EU law disagrees with you it would seem. If blizzard wants a government ID then feel free to give them the easiest way to get your identity stolen. They didn’t ask for proof when they gladly signed you up to take your money, asking for that kind of proof afterwards isn’t something I think is reasonable. I don’t trust blizzard to have that kind of information and neither should you.
You'd have to bear the same name and be born on the same date as the account owner to steal his account this way. I don't quite get why you don't consider legal documents with your name and birthdate on it as proof.
Fair enough. We use different units where I work and that is in no way offhand information for me.
Neither of these are proof of them doing anything intentionally. Their servers are getting absolutely fucked. If you know anything about how these services work this is almost certainly due to an overabundance of requests. Their customer support isn't sitting there denying your requests.
I mean sure not rich over night but you're likely to make money over the long period of time. I know several people who have made money by buying stocks at times of controversy (like Nike and Kaepernick) or at times of tragedy (like (9/11). So maybe from what you've seen it doesn't happen, but again, I've seen it happen with people I know.
Except Blizzard is a gaming company, not the government, and they are the ones who punished the person. It would have happened in any tournament, in any country, to anyone who brought up politics. The content of what he said does not matter, where they were does not matter. He broke TOURNAMENT rules and was punished by the COMPANY THAT PUT ON THE TOURNAMENT. 

If an American gamer had discussed Trump at an event in America, he would have received the same exact punishment, because he STILL BROKE TOURNAMENT RULES.
I hate the DLC influx and the general state of gaming industry on that front, but cosmetics get a free pass to do whatever they want IMHO.
Wowwwww. I hadn't put the layers of charges together in my head. Such a scam imo.
They can throw their money down the drain if they have more money than sense but I call that a rip-off.
~~items~~ pixels
It is when you think about how it's clothing in a video game. I don't spend $50 on real clothing.
Actually, when you look at the average price for said items you realize that having digital clothing cost $10 or more a pop is pretty absurd and only for people with a lot of money and a lack of sense.
I did for a long time -still have it on my PC but haven't touched it in a while- and I never spent money on overpriced cosmetics.
to be fair my statement was easy to missunderstand.  
I mentioned the amount of money i spend allready in it to show that i don't see a problem with investing a certain amount. Gaming is my only hobby and i don't see any reason why i should not spend a few 100 € each month into it. Even thou i know the value of certain items and believe that those skins are pretty expensive (compared to what i get) i see that i have no other option but buying them anyway. cuz its the only way to get them and be happy with them. I just want them, no matter the price.  
I also believe that 13cent for 1kWh are expensive but i need electricity and will keep paying for it.
Oh my glob!
Eh?
IIRC the extra lore about her being gay never released in China.
Nope she's straight in China. China is crazy anti LGBT, there was a popular gay web series in China Called Addicted https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addicted_(web_series)

Not only did China ban the series the two creators who were real life friends are banned from ever seeing each other.  They have to holiday abroad to hang out.
She's only gay in the comics, and the comics weren't released in China.

Hence why her and Soldier have no references to their sexuality at all in game to the point of it being thought of as blatant pandering for the comics to suddenly make them both gay. They couldn't put that in the base game at all and still sell to the Chinese market.
Technically we never knew to begin with, nor it has any relevancy in the game. Blizz just slipped the comic later to western social media for fake woke points. (Blizz as a company doesn't really care)
Nope, Blizzard changer her sexuality so they can marketing overwatch to the gay poeple AND be good guys for once
[deleted]
There are a few things in-game. A spray of Soldier 76 with his boyfriend, and Tracer says about visiting her girlfriend in the King's Row map.
Yeah, got that the first ten replies.
I live in brazil and we have many gay people sided with our good president :) , we lived under communism government for the last 15 years they destroyed our country criminality is so high everywhere is dangerous to get steal, murdered house invaded and more.no jobs, everything is expensive, corruption everywhere, bandits everywhere, no food, no water, A killer stays in jail for a month then hes out. So whatusaid bout my country is a lie :) just search for karol eller a lesbian eight wing who stand by my president side or even bettee clodovil hernandez a right wing gay who got attacked bythose lefty communists who claim to "fight for freedom"  ;)
That’s not really relevant for Canada anymore
Yup I´m totally aware of that! And so the blizzcon *is* cheaper.  $200 is a lot, but making it even less would be affordable for a very broad spectrum of people which isn´t always a good thing. Also considering how much blizzard makes from people just playing their games, I would expect the blizzcon to be even more expensive.

And still we are forgeting about fact, that there is a good portion of people who are coming to blizzcon because it relates to their job.
Except it's not, it's Shanghai EaseNet's PlayHearthstone account (they're a subsidiary of NetEase). The company name is right there at the top of their page (上海网之易网络科技发展有限公司).

It's also a state run company, in China, targeted toward Chinese audiences, on a Chinese media platform... so of course they're going to adopt a pro-China stance. Do you have any idea what a state run media looks like?

The only unfortunate part of this is that NetEase is licensed to use Blizzard's logos, just like that shitty "Official Game of Thrones Browser Game" is, yet whatever they put in the game certainly shouldn't be considered to be coming from the mouth of HBO directly. Yes, Blizzard could decide to cut ties and break their contracts over it, but it would cost them a fortune in current and future business revenue and damn near cripple the company - cancelling projects and laying people off would be inevitable, and that would only add more fuel to this dumpster fire.
Except it does, because in this way its bottle-necking people cancelling their subscriptions and even when they then provide it people up and down this thread are claiming that they are getting denied
username does not check out
Again this has nothing to do with human rights, it’s about a company’s right to ban someone who violated a tos agreement.
Capitalism saw it's 'pseudo-enlightenment area' in the '50s and '60s. Right now you are witnessing the other end of ebb-and-flow of this specific economic system. People are just not loud enough right now to MAKE corporations and governments understand, 'what' is in charge.
If you really want to protest or boycott something do it to China, the real enemy here.
He was using the publicity of blizzard around the tournament he won, that’s blizzards time.
Yeah. I’d try google if I were you. Great source to search for information.
I hope you're not holding your breath, lol.
It's not that kind of law.  It's like the law of universal gravitation, nobody goes to jail for trying to break it.
Capitalism doesn't *prevent* acting in ANY way but does heavily  encourage acting in the most profitable way by any means necessary including unethical ones.
Except China isn't communist by any real definition of that term.  It is a facist state in every way including its economy.
The Chinese government is about as communist as the DPRK is democratic. They have monopolized a large number of industries causing companies and nations to bow to their every move and look past the hurrendous treatment of its citizens and Hong Kongers under the fear of losing profit. It's totally capitalist.
But the totalitarian government *does* exist in the real world. 

Maybe capitalism is good *on paper*, but clearly it's failing in reality.
Blizzard is an American company that doesn't belong to the CCP.

This is just capitalists responding to the market.
From your actual link that you didn’t read. 

> Among non-experts, conventional wisdom holds that corporate law requires boards of directors to maximize shareholder wealth. This common but mistaken belief is almost invariably supported by reference to the Michigan Supreme Court's 1919 opinion in Dodge v. Ford Motor Co.
I read your provided link and I'm not convinced. The second paragraph states:

> In the 1950s and 1960s, states rejected Dodge repeatedly [...]. The general legal position today is that the business judgment that directors may exercise is expansive. Management decisions will not be challenged where one can point to any rational link to benefiting the corporation as a whole. 

It also includes a number of quotes from law professors on the matter. They all seem to contradict sojuhighball's statement that "corporations are legally bound to make profit," at least in practice. I won't quote them all, but perhaps it's worth restating one:

> Among non-experts, conventional wisdom holds that corporate law requires boards of directors to maximize shareholder wealth. This common but mistaken belief is almost invariably supported by reference to the Michigan Supreme Court's 1919 opinion in Dodge v. Ford Motor Co.

~Lynn Stout, Professor of Corporate and Securities Law at UCLA
Read a little further in the article m8:

>In the 1950s and 1960s, states rejected Dodge repeatedly, in cases including AP Smith Manufacturing Co v. Barlow[2] or Shlensky v. Wrigley.[3] **The general legal position today is that the business judgment that directors may exercise is expansive. Management decisions will not be challenged where one can point to any rational link to benefiting the corporation as a whole.**

There is no law requiring that a company increase profits from year to year. There are certainly other factors that encourage corporations to continually increase their profits, but it is more than a little misleading to use a single Michigan supreme court case to declare that there is a legal mandate for them to do so. There clearly is not.
Yes, but it's used to keep competing companies from buying voting shares and trying to run it into the ground, not to sue board members over every bad year in profit.
He’s saying it’s baffling there’s two people this dumb
You just have poor reading comprehension skills
Fairly certain referring to China as "our country" isn't far away from taking China's side.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dflohh/blizzards_official_weibo_account_just_posted_an/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
It's also pretty easy to call bullshit on that claim because it is essentially "we can do anything" clause. I know nothing about law, but I heard judges tend not to side with the "we can do anything" party in such cases.

But yeah, the guy is SOL with a 99% chance.
In the US it actually would 100% not be an enforceable contract. A "reasonable expectation of prize money" would wholly overcome "at Blizzard's discretion" because the latter is deliberately vague, which is a super-no-no if you're taking something to court (but lawyers do it all the time anyway because most people don't take it to court). The ban from future events absolutely would still apply, but prize money already earned would have to be provided.

But last I heard, this tournament was in Taiwan? So it's maybe enforceable there.
Point 2 is flat out wrong.  They’re allowed to request additional information to verify that a request comes from the actual data subject, to avoid allowing an incorrect party to access unauthorized data (which would actually constitute a punishable breach).
You'd be executed in Finland
Of all the things the world should learn from Scandinavia, Salmiakki is not one of them.

Scandinavia

*loud finnish noices*
ID info is a different level of theft.  It could lead to other accounts being opened in your name.
If you believe it to be a breach, your report would have to go to your country's data protection agency. Unfortunately, their request for ID could be valid, as according to the UK agency's interpretation:
>Can we ask an individual for ID?
>If you have doubts about the identity of the person making the request you can ask for more information. However, it is important that you only request information that is necessary to confirm who they are. The key to this is proportionality. You should take into account what data you hold, the nature of the data, and what you are using it for.

>You must let the individual know without undue delay and within one month that you need more information from them to confirm their identity. You do not need to comply with the request until you have received the additional information.

Of course, domestic German law may differ on this, so your mileage may vary.
Okay you win
This will never happen.
Let us see in 2 months.
That's incredible in a way.
There are laws preventing it from being an acceptable practice in some countries - that's the main issue of the entire thing, though.

\>  Nope! Only once to get 2fa removed 

And again, this is the point others are making - it's more difficult to remove your account than create, essentially. You are needing more things to remove it, than were needed to even create it. it's bogus.

It's an overreach.

You can submit history of transactions, etc. to the email on file, phone for 2fa (hell, REQUIRE 2fa even, that's acceptable, and even desirable), require a conversation with a CS rep (like most cable/isp providers, i.e. Comcast require, wish is annoying but acceptable).

&#x200B;

There is absolutely no logical reason any person should be required to furnish a govt document to remove their information from a company's servers. none.
You doing okay? Need someone to talk to?
The root of any user-based databases is a personnal information; (email/loggin/password). If it is deleted any linked data become unusable and anonymous and will end up deleted to reduce the DB size and clear indexes
It’s weird that people here support poor account security.
I for one am glad that companies require ID to close accounts. I’d be so angry if someone managed to hack it and literally delete hundreds of pounds worth of gameplay on a whim.

It’s perfectly legal for companies to ask for ID in Europe, it is illegal to share that information.

Blizzard might be doing something scummy but it’s standard business practice in EU and not just for games companies.
I'm more bothered with your reasoning here, which is still flawed. Why would they need proof when you pay? I don't get your logic here.
This ain’t the EU
>  I don't quite get why you don't consider legal documents with your name and birthdate on it as proof.

_That_ is proof, but not the name and birth date you made when signing up. Then they don't care much because they want you to play their games. There is an asymmetry in proof and obstacles here. I'm not discussing the risk of account stealing here, but that they present artificial hurdles on account termination. IIRC this is in violation to GDPR. If they made it equally hard to sign up where you had to submit your driver license after purchasing their game to even play them, I'd be fine with it.
Really? Now I’m curious, in what unit of temperature is that possible? Celsius would be even more ridiculous, Kelvin would be way in the opposite direction, and those are the ones that come to mind off the top of my head.
>Neither of these are proof of them doing anything intentionally. Their servers are getting absolutely fucked.

Aren't the photo ID's checked manually? That's why they don't go through instantaneously. I'd guess that a refusal would therefore not have anything to do with the amount of server stress.
They just rejected my passport because i blacked out some information. There you have it.
I don’t think the buyers don’t have sense per say, it’s more like the fear of missing out. Putting the words “limited” or “legendary” or “super extra rare diamond gold edition” will spark some form of artificial value which people more vulnerable to compulsive purchasing will inevitably fall for it.
Yea but then they wouldn't even have the cheap plastic figurines.
~~items~~ ~~pixels~~ polygons
Where I live you can't get a decent pair of Jeans for less than 100. A simple button down will easily run you 50. 

So 50 for several ig items is cool by me
Blizzard made the character LGBT after the fact to score some woke points anyways. It's just one comic. They are shitty either way.
I mean, they are a corporation and their primary objective is profit. If they'd concentrate on just making games that wouldn't be that bad. But instead, they decided to do politics but not where it matters only where their message is 100% socially acceptable and wouldn't affect the bottom line.
Welp, thats definitely a different perspective than my own. Is the ecosystem of "non-blizzard" professionals going for work very large? I'm unknowledgable on this.

I think I get what you are saying, but am generally of the opinion that opening up things to a very broad spectrum of people is actually always a good thing and we should be striving for it more everywhere and *especially* in the gaming world.

Obviously people have to be paid to run the event. But i think $50-$100 for a weekend visitor is fair and would cover costs. Also, I'm more of the opinion that because of, as you mentioned, *how much blizzard makes from people just playing their games*, they should actually be more inclined to, you know, *give back* to the community that supports them.

So thats kind of where I'm coming from. No stake in the game btw. I'm not involved in the Blizzard community in any way at all, so I will admit I probably have an outside perspective. I don't want to make claims about things I'm unknowledgeable about, hopefully that at least comes across.
It has nothing to do with China because they made NO policy changes since this China thing happened. This has been their policy for years.
So you’re okay with twitter banning conservatives and reddit making t_d a private sub? I mean it’s their website so they can do what they want right?
But he didn't
What is your “what”?  

Capitalism bad is how blizzard got here. 

Government good is how China got there.
No need. There is no US state or federal law that makes it a crime for a corporation to not make a profit or increase it yearly. Nobody goes to jail if their corporation doesn’t make a profit.
So you made it up.
Oh come on. You need to learn to back down when you are wrong. Digging your heels in is a bad look.

It's OK to be wrong.
Ah. I see.  I must have missed this natural law in school.  :)
NoT rEaL cOMmuNiSm

Fascism is just a subset of authoritarian communism. There are "private" companies but not really, as the state dictates what they can or cannot do. There is no private property protection, means of production is effectively owned by the state. There are effectively no economic liberties, and there sure as hell arent any civil liberties.
You could literally change nothing except the last word to communist and it would suddenly make sense.
This is like saying to someone who has cancer that their entire body is a failure. Maybe instead of attacking the entire body, you attack the cancer. 

The cancer is totalitarianism... obviously...
Yeah, i got that. But the guy is being downvoted, so it make's it look like he is calling both dumb.
That’s not a post made by Blizzard. I don’t understand why people think this.
Unreasonable. They cannot ask for you ID, since that has no weight in deciding whether you own the account.

Withdrawing your consent should be at least as easy as giving it.

Article 6 (excerpt) 
> Processing shall be lawful only if and to the extent that at least one of the following applies: (a) the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes;

Article 7 (excerpt) 
> It shall be as easy to withdraw as to give consent.

Article 17 (excerpt) 
> The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies: […] (b) the data subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1), or point (a) of Article 9(2), and where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
I can hear them now

*myötähäpeä*
Ok but let's not take the conspiracy too far.
It's even more incredible if you consider he's not a woman!
I mean we're just going to have to agree to disagree here.

Your account wasn't worth potentially several thousand dollars when you made it and represent 15 years or more of your gaming history and achievements.

I don't think it's draconian or anything, but by all means raise hell about it. If it matters to you it matters to you and I won't tell you you're wrong.
Yes. Can we write letters?
EU law states that deleting an account can't be any harder than it was to set one up.
>	Why would they need proof when you pay? I don’t get your logic here.

Are you kidding me? Have you never heard of credit card fraud?
XD I wasn't using that system, just estimating the high point for Farenheit because I don't use high ranges of it really ever. Save cooking, which I rarely do.
Well you blacked out information, that’s not proof of anything again.
I'm pretty sure Goodwill is nationwide. There's a big difference between 'cant' and 'wont'
[deleted]
Yes, definitely
Yes he did.
The people, their spending power. That's what. --If they would collectively get their heads out of ass first.
These dumb kids on Reddit have no idea what they are talking about. "Legally bound to increase profit yearly." That is something a teenager says who thinks he knows how the world works would say because they don't know anything about anything.

Ask anybody, literally any adult running a business what their accountant tells them about making a profit each year. Christ the stupid here is unbelievable.
I really hope these are 10 year old kids that think this. Hell my 6th grader knows better.
They often are replaced though.

Example: The Coach of a sports team
Let me be the one to tell you about a cool different kind of legal obligation called a "Civil Suit."
Made what up?
What do you mean?
If its authoritarian, its not communist. Its a totalitarian govt that is faking communist ideals. Soviet Union is an example of a totalitarian regime disguising itself as communist.
Fascism is politically as far away from communism as possible, although communism has been corrupted to be essentially fascism with a different name.
* authoritarian 
* communism

Pick one
The means of production are in people's possession? No

The means of production are in a state of transition to being controlled by the people? No.

Goods are distributed among the population according to the needs of each person? No.

There are social classes? Yes, in 2018 China had the second-highest number of billionaires in the world: 285.

The communist party is transitioning to a system were the ultimate goal is to eliminate any kind of political party inside China? No.

The communist party is at least trying to promote this transition? No.

The figure of "private property" exists in China? Yes.

Chinese people are entitled to have properties? Tricky one. Not everyone, but anyone is entitled to have properties outside China. Just ask the canadians. Therefore, chinese people can own property.

International corporations own properties inside China? Yes.

Why someone seriously think that China is a communist country is beyond me. Can only assume that this is based on pure ignorance. China is as communist as Democratic People's Republic of Korea is a democratic people's republic.
You should try your thinking head because your commenting head doesn't work very well, it writes a lot of really stupid bullshit.
You clearly have absolutely no understanding of communism. You literally wrote "means of production is effectively owned by the state".

This is a joke comment, right?
Is he wrong though?
Except, they are dumb.
It's by the Chinese Hearthstone account. Hearthstone is owned by Blizzard.
Article 12.6:

> Without prejudice to Article 11, where the controller has reasonable doubts concerning the identity of the natural person making the request referred to in Articles 15 to 21, the controller may request the provision of additional information necessary to confirm the identity of the data subject.
I did say "risk".  When you flash ID in a local exchange there is little danger of data retention.   Sending a picture of your ID to a company is a whole different ball game.   The company may have good intentions, but the hundreds of data breaches that happen every year should make everyone think twice before transmitting an ID.
That has nothing to do with conspiracies, just being conscious about data you give away for no good reason. Companies have demonstrated enough times that your data isn't safe.
I appreciate any extra security - that's warranted, and isn't a blatant overreach only being used to prevent a mass exodus of accounts.

My WoW account was created back in 2005, so I know what it means to have all of that lost.
So to counter it, we start sending in our ID every time we use our credit card? Your logic is still flawed. If blizzard wants to keep customers happy, it makes more sense to make actions which might piss off customers harder for a third party to do. Someone adding money to my account will not piss me off.
Tell me, why does Blizzard need my Dutch social security number to delete my account?
Goodwill does not exist in Norway.
You know buying cheap shit means you have to rebuy it every so often cause it’s cheap and tears , breaks and is ruined much faster then more expensive and sturdier clothing
Not as low as assuming I live where you live.

I live in Norway where the cost of living is relatively high, but the wages are high to match. But since Norway is such a small nation Blizzard doesn't change prices to match. So 50 euros for a several in game rewards that each would cost between 12 and 20 euros? That's a bargain any way you slice it.
Welp I may not agree with you on the topic of this post but at least you’re consistent. It’s actually refreshing. lol have a good one
He showed support for HK, that does not violate any TOS.
Ok? It’s still not a law.
So does that happen automatically every time a corporation doesn’t increase year over year profits? Even though the corporation made every best effort? Or maybe that happens when shareholders feel like they can prove in civil court, where the bar is lower than criminal court, that the corporation didn’t try to make a profit?

And when did anyone go to jail when losing a civil suit?
communism ALWAYS leads to an authoritarion dictatorship. What do you think, that people willingly will give up their possessions and freedoms? Even Karl Marx recognized this and stated that all communist societies start with a violent revolution. Keeping it communist also requires a ruler with a firm hand. 'this is not real communism'  is a false claim because what you see in communist countries IS what real communism looks like or at least always ends up like.
Its not. Fascism is a centrist ideology in terms of economics, between communism and capitalism. But the main driver of whether or not something is on the left or right side of the scale is ownership of property. In communism, property is collectively owned. In capitalism, property is privately owned. In Fascism, property is said to be privately owned, but it is effectively owned by the collective because the state can determine what you do with the property, and can seize the property if you dont do what they want.
Is it too much to ask for both?
Is the state not "the people"? It essentially is the same thing, its the representative of the collective.

China effectively has no private property. You can call it private if you want, it isnt.

None of those other things matter in defining whether something is communist or not. It all comes down to property ownership.
The point of ownership is to determine who can say what to do with it, right?
No, the guy iterating Irony two two people for being the same level of idiot isn't dumb, he is just emphasising how stupid these people are.
It was posted by the NetEase PlayHearthstone account on the Sina Weibo platform in response to the ruling by Blizzard Taiwan.

This social network and this company are based in Mainland China where the Chinese government controls the media. In the comments you will mostly see anti-protester sentiment as a result.
They cannot use that data to confirm your identity. Knowing your ID does not improve their ability to link you with your data, since they don't know it yet.
Fretex?
I've lived and worked in Norway before. There's plenty of good jeans for 400-500 NOK (45-55 USD). Unless you're some kind of soy boy who needs specific brand slim fit jeans to match your overpriced supreme sweater or whatever.
Ok? You can get like 15+ shirts from goodwill for that same $50 so even if they need to be replaced more often it's still a much better deal, especially for someone struggling financially
Yeah I’m pretty centre left, I just disagree with him using blizzard as his political platform.
He was fired for tos violation, maybe do some research into the argument you’re trying to make.
No breach of fiduciary duty is if the CEO or board of directors takes actions that knowingly or willfully damage stock valuation. Rarely is a suit brought over accidental devaluation. There's a difference between a somewhat risky business decision & actions that WILL devalue the stock.

A good example is Dick's with their removal of "assault weapons" and now the CEO is wanting to remove all HUNTING products from their stores. Acts like this definitely devalued the stock & would make good grounds for a breach of fiduciary duty lawsuit.
Whether or not you go to jail is completely irrelevant to the definition of a legal code. You're arguing for the sake of arguing and you look really stupid.
off the top of my head the zapatistas, rojava region, and catalonia are all examples of communist states that had no centralized political party and focused on maximizing personal freedom. im quite certain there are more.
Literally? Yes.
No, the state is not the people, it's not the same thing, not even close in China today. And even if you accept that, the fact that the State isn't forwarding the process to become truly communist (with things like extinguishing political parties and eliminating social classes that doesn't exist in communism) is a strong sign that the country isnt' communist. They're not even trying to be.

About private property:

" The current PRC Constitution, as most recently amended in 2004, clearly provides for the protection of “private property.” According to Article 13 of the Constitution, citizens’ lawful private property is “inviolable.” The same article also states: “\[t\]he state, in accordance with law, protects the rights of citizens to private property and to its inheritance.”"

[https://blogs.loc.gov/law/2015/03/chinese-law-on-private-ownership-of-real-property/](https://blogs.loc.gov/law/2015/03/chinese-law-on-private-ownership-of-real-property/)

Again, I can only assume that you've never read The Communist Manifesto if you think the other points are meaningless to define if a country is communist or not. You should try at least skim the main topics of the book, to grasp the concept of what is communism, its not something self-declared.
Oh thanks for clearing that up. The way I read your last comment was that he was in the wrong for calling the two people dumb
I would assume they’re matching against the name or address on the credit card you used for purchases.  I’d also bet that if you have no purchases and you contacted via the email associated with the account, they would just delete your account without requiring further validation
No. I need Diesel and Lee because its the only thing that fits my fat ass. 

Legit tho. I have never seen a decent pair of Jean's for less than  900nok. Like denim jeans. The last time I bought cheap ones for around 400nok i threw them out in less than 6 months. While my 1000nok Diesels last me 2+ years.
I’m not saying that everyone needs to buy expensive clothes but if you’re not struggling financially it’s always going to be a better option to buy clothes in the middle range when it comes to prices.

There’s a reason stuff is cheap, not to mention a lot of people would not feel comfortable wearing clothes that once belonged to someone else.

As I said, if you really are struggling off your options are very limited, but buying a 15$ pair of shoes is always going to be a Bad investment
It is what it is honestly. Blizzard blew this up to where it is, whatever fallout they receive is on them.
“brings you into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages Blizzard’s image.” Because saying that people should not be allowed to be kidnapped by a dictatorship at anytime definitely damages there image, makes the player unreputable, and offends the CPC, a group that really should be respected for their numerous humanitarian actions.
Please provide a source for an instance when some CEO was held liable for stock devaluation that wasn't tied to an instance of fraud or corruption.  
When doing something like Dick's did, or what Blizzard *could have* done, the defense of "protecting brand reputation for long term stability" is pretty solid. PR is important, and "knowingly and willfully" is pretty hard to prove, especially when they can say they were trying to avoid PR nightmares like Blizzard is having now.
Incorrect.

&#x200B;

  it's when the board of directors do something that's adverse or contrary to the interests of the client .

Interest of the client is in their corporate charter.

&#x200B;

" Acts like this definitely devalued the stock "

Speculation. I will now shop at Dick's pretty exclusively for camping/sports items.  


That aside, buy doing the right thing, that may give the access to capital from institutions that value Dick's decision.

Dick's Charter, and pretty much all others, specifically calls out risks and impacts that may decrease money, and changes in inventory are among them. 

&#x200B;

Have you even read a corporate charter of a large organization?
Sure. That’s not a law.
Nah, the stupid one would be the one regurgitating corporate propaganda. Maximizing profits at the expense of anything resembling morality isn't a legal obligation, no matter how you frame it.

This shit just comes bundled with "Why Unions Are Bad?" to justify exploitation at all costs, when it has no basis in reality.
Except their is NO LAW to do that.

Fiduciary duty mean staying in line with the corporate charter. In it's entirety.
Please explain the difference between “legal code” and “law”. OP said it was a law, which is clearly misstating how corporations operate.
Catalonia is not communist and those other examples are not really what i consider and advocate for communism.
You’re joking right? None of these are even stand alone countries... the first one has like 3k farmers in its so called region that is a part of Mexico. The second one is absolutely an extremely authoritarian government. And the third one is a region of Spain which is more significantly closer to capitalist than it is to communist. I hope the first 3 weren’t your best 3 because that’s pretty shitty
It’s just a meme
He is half wrong, because I don't believe one of them are dumb, but the other is very.
That's a very fair point. I updated my original comment to reflect that!
That's just wholeheartedly not true though. You can make assumptions and have your privilege make you ignorant, but there's plenty of quality clothes to be found at those places. I've bought pants and shirts that have looked like they were never even worn (and if they were it was once or twice at most) I spent $20 on a pair of shoes a year and a half ago that I currently have on my feet, and no I don't look like a ragged homeless person I look like an average mid 20's dude. Most of those places like goodwill won't even accept and sell clothes that have holes or are too worn down. Idk if you've just had a poor experience at one of these places or are just woefully misinformed, but you don't know what you're talking about.
The media and the fans blew it out. They just made a publicity move, it’s always a gamble and I guess they chose wrong.
His dragging his political opinions into a gaming tournament offends the public and brings the company into disrepair.
Blizzard is a publicly traded company. Not one mans diary.

If he wants to make political statements he can make them in his own personal time.

I agree with you, China bad, dictators bad but that has nothing to so with this guy breaking the rules and being banned.
And that’s still not a law. It’s a civil matter at worst.
I'm hilariously anti-corporate, don't build up a straw man in your mind. That's why it's so important that you recognize that corporate "greed" is borne from a legal obligation to the shareholders. Until that precedent is addressed, nothing will change.
[i'm referring to catalonia during the 30s, which was absolutely 100% communist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolutionary_Catalonia)

and the zapatistas and rojava region meet pretty much every criteria, both theoretically and in practice, of communist societies. if you're saying they aren't great places to live? well yeah, they're in impoverished, violent areas - cartels surround the zapatistas, and rojava is fighting against ISIS. but theyve managed to drastically improve the quality of life for people living there, with the zapatistas kicking the cartel out and rojava kicking ISIS out.
*sighs.

i've literally never encountered someone who described rojava as authoritarian before, so i guess you're the first. they have no leaders. decisions are made via direct democracy. and theyre secular. so i'm not really seeing, at all, how theyre authoritarian. it sort of seems like you're either not familiar with them, at all, or you're just making shit up.

catalonia in the 30s was pretty much as textbook communist as you can get...? [here's a link where you can learn about it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolutionary_Catalonia). 

there are about 300-400k people living in the zapatista region. which is a few orders of magnitude higher than what you said.

like i told the other guy. it is OK not to know things. that's fine. but you seem to be just making shit up. everything you said is demonstrably false, with the exception of catalonia, which i suspect you didn't know about.

again, i'm not advocating for communism, i'm simply refuting the point that communism leads to authoritarianism every time.
Your entire argument is anecdotal at best.

You’ve bought a bunch of stuff and got lucky, you found great quality clothes at  facility that revolves around donations.

I have spent money and purchased things in places like goodwill, just not in America, and I can understand how sometimes you can find hidden gems, but it’s not the norm.

Not to mention your entire argument goes out the window when it comes to people with weird body types that need very specific cut on clothes.
I could never ever buy a cheap button up shirt cause my shoulders are wide but I’m skinny, and cheap button ups are not fitted in any way and make look like a tent, or any kind of pants cause I’m tall but my waist is small
Yeah they did.
[deleted]
Blizzard is the one offending the public. Their company has been in disrepair for a long while.

Blizz had the opportunity to do the right thing and not bend over for the CCP.

But they did. No amount of "bUt TOs!" will save their image after this. That's what it was intended to do, no? Keep their image clean?
There is no legal obligation. Find any statute, civil or criminal, in any US state or federal code, that says a corporation must increase profits year over year or else they are automatically subject to legal action.

At best it would be a civil contract dispute in which the plaintiff would have to get a judge or jury to believe that the corporation had violated a contract and should pay a civil, monetary penalty to the plaintiff. But that is not codified law in any statute anywhere.
So why is catalonia no longer communist if it was that great of a system.  And yes communism if better than anarchy or a religious fascist dictatorship, that doesn't make it a good system, that makes it better than the worst possible thing. Soviet russia was also better for most people than the terrible monarchy they had before it but that's not saying much.
Lol. That wiki doesn’t really help your cause. Join the collective or else is pretty much the gist of it. 
I suppose if your catholic we might just take your church and turn it into a factory, unless it’s cold out, maybe we’ll burn it down. Don’t worry, we are gonna torture you and kill you afterwards anyways so what does it matter. No big deal. See that’s how communism works. You either wholly support it or you’re gonna end up pretending to after we kill several thousand people in your community. A lot of people might say “if you don’t like it leave” that’s a swell idea except for the fact that they “decentralized” not just the government, but also the money! Here’s your weakly pay of 100 southwest section 2-1 dollars, spend it here because it’s only for this region and no one will exchange it...


Real shining star of non-authoritarian communism. 


As for the the Zapatistas region of Mexico, yes I made a mistake. 3000 is the number of active participants in a region of 350,000ish people. With a gdp of $44 million U.S. and most of its population (probably excluding the leadership but that’s just an assumption admittedly) living in poverty how would you consider that a success story? The most likely reason The Mexican government didn’t go in and squash that movement when it started is probably to avoid a civil war over $44 mil a year... which I’d guess they still take a cut out of anyways, but either was they still have a $1+ trillion gdp so it’s still irrelevant to them. 

I suppose you’re right here for now, but considering it’s not actually it’s own country, and it’s still a poor rural lightly populated area it’s kind of a moot point


As for Rojava you claim it’s not authoritarian, I guess imprisoning journalists who are critical of your government is pretty normal for a communist government so I can see how you make the mistake that it is not that bad. Sure they are helping us fight the IS in Syria, but that doesn’t mean their government is not authoritarian...  it’s mutually beneficial to both the U.S. and the Kurds to remove a group that would like nothing more than to wipe out both societies. The allegiance of the U.S. doesn’t grant them legitimate non authoritarian status, next you’ll be telling me Saudi Arabia is as free as they can get. don’t forget the forced Kurdish assimilation thats pretty legit way to run your”country.”(no other country recognizes their claim as an autonomous state)you can just google it. It’s not hard at all, most of it’s within the first couple paragraphs on wiki.  You might even find a few dozen articles about it. Or are they making it up too?! Damn why didn’t I think of that. 


All in all you maybe have a small point about Zapatista, but not really. The best score I can give you is maaaaybe a 0.2/3 being as generous as I can.
MY argument is anecdotal? Ok dude and yours totally isn't. Not to mention I said it's company policy to not sell shitty clothes yet you still think they do, hand-me-downs and donations aren't the same thing and shitty holey shirts. I haven't found "hidden gems" the shit I've bought absolutely is the norm, it's not name brand designer quality shit but you'd have to be and idiot to think you'd find that there. Have fun in your ignorance and strawman arguments I'm not gonna argue with stupid.
They would have probably gotten similar amount of backlash from the right if they had gone he other way
That is true but conjecture and nothing to do with the issue being debated here.
so we've moved the goalposts a whole bunch here. you said "there are no examples of non authoritarian communist societies" and i provided 3 off the top of my head. 

>So why is catalonia no longer communist if it was that great of a system. 

are you unfamiliar with what happened with spain and fascism in the 30s and 40s? i'm happy to teach you history and poli sci up to a point, but...i literally already linked it for you. the fascists took over and killed a shit ton of people. 

it's OK to not know about things, but youre spouting opinions stuff that you clearly know nothing about. when objectively corrected, you've moved the goalposts repeatedly.

ultimately the point i was making here was not arguing for communism, but refuting the argument that communism = authoritarianism every time, like you said.
you'll forgive if i don't pursue this further, as you clearly didn't know about any of the 3 governments until i brought them up and you quickly made some stuff up. again, i'm **not taking a pro-communism position here**, but refuting the obviously wrong statement that communism always leads to authoritarianism. 

your strategy has consisted entirely of 1) not knowing what things are 2) when you learn what things are, making shit up, and 3) moving the goalposts when you're pegged to a position that you now know is wrong. 

if you are passionate about opposing authoritarianism, as i am, it is important to argue in good faith. people are usually able to spot bad faith arguments and immediately discredit everything you're saying, even if it is to support a good cause.

it's also a bit telling in how confident you are with your points that you created a throwaway account. these are topics that i have formally studied for years while you didn't want your ignorance of them tied to your main account.

i hope you have a wonderful day.
Blizz feels they're in the right. A lot of the world, and the consumers and creators that drive the industry, disagree. Seems pretty clear to me. 

Nobody is saying Blizzard's TOS *can't* be interpreted that way, we're saying *it shouldn't, and we won't do business with a company that would*
Fair enough!
Everything I said is made up. Taken directly from Wikipedia, which was your source. Makes sense.  I hope that you didn’t spend a whole lot of money trying to learn what an authoritarian state is. Catalonia absolutely was, and Rojava absolutely is authoritarian.   I’ll kind of give you Zapatista but really only on the basis of no one having any real ability to do anything significant there between its extremely poor economy and the fact it’s still technically part of Mexico. 

Take care, it was fun arguing with someone who’s only counterpoint is “you made it up” lol
Blizzard is indifferent, they’re staying out of it.