Well,  you must have translated "free Honkong" with Google translator. The right translation should be 解放香港，自由in Chinese means freedom,  it's a noun.  解放 is the correct verb.
Free the Uyghur people in China while we’re at it.
Whatever it takes.
[deleted]
And the Uighurs. And the tibetans. And the mongolians. And the Kashmiris. And the manchus. And Macau. Actually, lets just get rid of the prc.
Mei: Liberation for Hong Kong!

Blizzard (in a Mei voice): I’m going to have to SILENCE the heck outta this!
Why use red to support people trying to be free of the government? Red is the dictatorships colour, isn't it?
I hope you don't mind this is now my Facebook profile picture?
https://www.reddit.com/r/ProtestBlizzcon/comments/dfxj27/a_poster_i_made/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Unfortunately everytime I try to post my updated poster it seems to be deleted
\#BoycottBlizzard  

I'll choose the right side of history, I don't need their games in my life. I need freedom.
Freedom!!!!
Does this mean Chinese gold selling service is now acceptable In blizzards eyes?
I’m glad Bungie left the chat room before all of this.

It’s good to know the game I’m playing isn’t going to sweat shops and illegal organ stealing
This is beautiful.
Active [censorship ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfzlm8/this_is_odd/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)?
I missed the moment when Blizzard became responsible for Hong Kong
I think guys,  who drag politics here should be permanently banned
Many of us creating these image have been using google for translations. It's very inaccurate unfortunately. It would be very useful for those that make these images to have maybe a list of phrases in English, with their proper Chinese translations so we can copy them directly.
Plus, they use Traditional in Hong Kong.
The above is correct. Having said that the specific  wording for the same slogan in HK is  光復香港 , 光復 （gwong fuk) roughly means liberate but also carries connotations of reclaiming fallen/invaded territory. 

自由，解放，光復 are all similar words for the same concept. But local HK would never use 解放 (gaifong) (exact translation of liberate)  because of association to the CPC (people's liberation army / 解放軍)
Raid the re-education camp, they can't kill us all
Dont forget all the Christians too
whatever it takes
[deleted]
Whatever it takes.
Mei has made it to HK officially. What we are doing is working, share this link to people and let them know that Hong Kong is adopting her as a symbol of protest!

https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfycx8/this_is_mei_mei_has_finally_landed_on_the_streets
Slowly but surely people are catching on to the fact that China is our 1940's Germany.
Red is color of luck and prosperity for people of chinese descent. Just because the Communist party took it from us doesn't means we gonna let them have it for themselves.
It's also the color of Hong Kong's flag.
Dude, colours don't matter. It is us who give them meaning.
I don't mind :)
They don't have to be responsible, but they also don't have to actively support suppression of freedom of speech, and less human rights. This is a free market and the market has decided it doesn't want a media company that puts the beliefs of a foreign country over its own.
We're not calling on Blizzard to free Hong Kong. We're simply asking them to do what is right and they didn't even do that.
I missed the moment people tried to cover up Blizzard toeing the Communist Party Line too but hey, we can't all be perfect.
It's not just about freedom of Hong Kong. This is our last chance to prove we value freedom - of speech, of expression - over money.
China forced them into this mess by telling them to suppress free speech.

They then chose Chinese money over human lives.

Now we are upset.
its disingenous to boil this down to "politics"

There are not two equally arguable sides here 

The people of hong kong are literally fighting for their fundmental human rights , there is no counter argument or valid political reason to be *against* that 

you ass
Protesting is supposed to get in your way, and stop you from easily ignoring them.

They are fighting for their lives. Sorry that gets in the way of your fun.
So you support the Chinese government?
And this, kiddos, is what chinese propaganda looks like.
We still appreciate it :) This is actually kinda cute. I will try to make a list and post it in r/HongKong

Edit: [The list is here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dg1lc2/a_vocabulary_list_for_mememaking_since_people/)
Hey thats exactly how china creates stuff with English text. Maybe they'll get a taste of their own medicine.
And the Falun Gong
Whatever it takes
Same with swastika
Because of the government, which is still against the people. The fight for Hong Kong is not for Hong Kong, it's for it's people. It shouldn't even stop at Hong Kong, it should be for all people in China.
Most people I've talked to who are involved say to use the black and white flag. The red one is used by both sides, but the black one sends a clear message.
I wish it was, but again, if they really didn't, people in Hong Kong would probably be wearing red instead of black. As I told before (probably not commenting you xD idk), this is a minor thing, the message is what is important. I just find odd to use the colour of the government as the color for this fight. 

For example, people were painting the blizzard logo in red to make it closer to the government colours, to make them seem more as the bad guys. But now we're using the same colour for freedom? Doesn't add up much to me at least xD but again, just a minor thing, the point is to protest against this behavior of the government and the decisions made by Blizzard, not the colour.
I just don’t understand why it was necessary to introduce politics into the game. You can come to the pancake-eating competition and shout political slogans there, but this event is not for this. The player violated the rules of the platform, and now blizzard is to blame.
>I missed the moment people tried to cover up Blizzard toeing the Communist Party Line too but hey, we can't all be perfect.

You have problems with the cold war
What kind of freedom are we talking about? People downvote me because my point of view does not coincide with theirs. There has never been real freedom. Democracy is the power of the majority.
> their fundmental human rights

to destroy private property?! Man, go home, please
> Protesting is supposed to

no any protesting there. Don't use the "protesting" word for mass crimes.
you said it in such a way as if I support Hitler. I think you're totally inadequate in this matter
It's very interesting - when the opinion of normal intelligent man, who respects the law is the same as the opinion of Chinese propaganda. But maybe you, guys, are just crazy? Or you support criminals... Respect to Blizzard and Chinese propaganda too, it seems this propaganda teaches us to good things.
And my AXE!
And yet you can’t use it without people losing their minds
You're right, I didn't know the flag was different before it went back to China. Looking back, it's always been occupied by some country or another.
That does sound like a better choice.
Black is also a color often used by ISIS, is it not?
> Blizzard is claiming that Chung has broken one of their player agreements by, "Engaging in any act that, in Blizzard's sole discretion, brings you into public disrepute."


I read that in an article earlier today. Even without criticizing the incredibly vague wording of their "rule," they could have just given the guy a slap on the wrist for making a political statement. Instead, in their zeal to punish him, they inadvertently made a huge political statement themselves. They put themselves in the spotlight. They did this to themselves.


Edit: reworded some things
They made the call to become political with their overreaching punishment of Blitzchung and the casters, followed by their bullshit stance and following actions. They had several less overly punitive options and chose to wildly swing the ban hammer to appease China. That's political.

Politics influence everything. If you really believe that companies like Blizzard can just "not bring politics into my games, bro, its just video games" then you're naive.
I mean, he literally said "freedom of expression." You can express an opinion in the States without being beaten in the street. You can also visit this webpage without having to use a VPN to bypass a nationwide firewall. You can play video games without affecting an imaginary social score that the government tracks. You can even choose whether to participate in democracy, or just be a hermit.


There are so many ways that China restricts freedom. This is about way more than a game tournament.
You're on the wrong side of this.
>private property
>china



Pick one moron
LOL! Oh man, someone is getting a paycheck. 

>no any protesting there

That is not the right way to say that. You need a better translation app, it is giving you away.
You don't get to be the victim when you are the one doing the expanding.
Are you suggesting that the request for human rights is a crime? Or am I not reading this correctly?
>as if I support Hitler

More like Stalin, comrade.
Didn't answer the question, are you scared to say yes?
I really hope you're not a native English speaker because your English is trash.
'Support criminals'

?????
It has come to our attention that you seem to be expressing *opinions*. Please refrain from thinking, expressing or in any other way entertain personal *opinions*, as they are to remain exclusive to the Party.

If you hear, read or in any way suspect an individual to have *opinions*, please inform the Party and cease interaction with them.

Thank you for your cooperation.
Yeah, pretty sad
Because *a whole color* is not as easily co-opted as a symbol plastered on the flags and uniforms of the best-known mass-murderers in history.
Yeah, protected from China itself. Now that's back to China is that these things are happening. But the people outside of Hong Kong, they're under that mad government for too long.
Time to hoist the black flag and...well, you know the rest.
Not in this context though so that's not relevant.
As I said in my comment, colours involved in *this* fight. Is ISIS involved in here? No. If this was a protest against ISIS, I would say for people to wear white as it is also often related to the meaning of peace. But this is not a fight against ISIS, is against the China government, or did I not get things right?
Oof, looks like that article didn't take the entire quote then.

&#x200B;

>Upon further review we have found the action has violated the 2019 Hearthstone Grandmasters Official Competition Rules section 6.1 (o) and is individual behavior which does not represent Blizzard or Hearthstone Esports. 6.1 (o) is found below.  
>  
>*Engaging in any act that, in Blizzard’s sole discretion, brings you into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages Blizzard image will result in removal from Grandmasters and reduction of the player’s prize total to $0 USD, in addition to other remedies which may be provided for under the Handbook and Blizzard’s Website Terms.* 

Blizzard then went on to say

>We’d like to re-emphasize tournament and player conduct within the Hearthstone esports community from both players and talent. While we stand by one’s right to express individual thoughts and opinions, players and other participants that elect to participate in our esports competitions must abide by the official competition rules.

&#x200B;

You can find the full post [here](https://playhearthstone.com/en-us/blog/23179289)  


Edit : Don't quite understand why I got downvoted, I'm just literally posting the quote in its entirety and posting a link the Blizzards post about it.
We are not entitled to take appropriation of their fight in this way, though. We shouldn’t misuse their language by typing our statements on google translator nor misuse the color scheme that represents what they fight against.

I’m all about supporting Hong Kong, but let’s do it correctly. Because the way people here are doing it is just backfiring on them because of their low effort to get on their moral high horse, or worse, farm karma.

People that had nothing to do with this decision will be probably left on the streets, as this decision was made by either one person really high up or a board meeting that absolutely has nothing to do with the developing of games.
But it was not Blizzard that brought politics to the game. The player brought politics to the game. Why did he do this if I just want to play good games from those who make them and do not politicize them.
The fact that Blizzard thus distances himself and defends himself from politics in games does not make them bad. The fact that this did not coincide with your position is another question. This is pure bullying.
arguments are over. It's time to move on to a discussion of grammar :)
Anyway, I began to respect Blizzard, a good position.
so Hitler is fine for you, comrade? Only Stalin is not lol

Man, if you hate now Blizzard so much, just uninstall Blizzards games and that's all. Don't write all this shit in the Blizzards subreddit, be more intelligent, comrade?
yes, what is the problem?! sure
you know, the big bad criminal who get 3 years in jail for burning a chinese flag for protesting
dude, what is your IQ?
Neither did the casters but they got banned too
I began to recognize a shill, a bad position.

What's the argument? That protesting by the vast majority of a people is criminal because the autocratic rulers don't care about their freedom? 

It is painfully obvious want is happening. Hong Kong wants freedom, China does not care what Hong Kong wants. China will rule with an iron fist as they have for decades.
Hmm, if you don't see the problem, you are the problem.
Oh no, what horrible person would fight for their human rights.
Have you seen the video? The casters were well aware of what was going to happen. They hid behind their monitors.  


Sure, it was partially as a joke, but they encouraged him to say it.
>majority of a people

let's stop here. They are not majority. And you know it very good. Stop to lie in so primitive way.

They are criminals because they committed crimes (destroyed private and public property, they attacked the other civilians, cops, etc). Man , are you a criminal, ah?! If yes, then I have not more questions.

Btw, why can't China rule own people in more preferable way? After all, no one imposes sanctions against the United States for executing people in gas chambers, right?
Mahatma Gandhi?
>They are not majority.

Oh! Really?

I guess you have a super easy solution to this whole thing then.

You say q majority of Hong Kong residents don't want freedom from China. Then just run a vote then.

Since they are not a majority, it will be easy win and solid proof.

Problem solved. I'll be looking for the results.
Keep drinking the cool aid, it’s pathetic.
> Oh! Really?

yes, sure. The city is alive, there are drivers, police (which have rights too, not only criminals rioters), doctors, lawyers, office workers, bakers, sellers, different staff and secret services even and many-many other people. Rioters are about 300-500 thousands. Do you really think that the majority is rebelling? Then the city would starve to death. You are probably infantile and romantic "democratic" child, better go to play PC games LOL
Lol, get back from a reeducation camp? That why it took so long to respond?

How about responding to the main idea. If it is a tiny fraction of people who are against China's control, then run a fair election.

I bet all of those "doctors, lawyers, office workers, bakers, sellers, different staff and secret services even" are sure tired of the 'infentile pro-democracy' protesters. Let them shoe their dissatisfaction with a vote.

Once the protesters get obliterated by the very thing they are fighting for, they would totally lose hope and give up.

Why not let the people vote?
yes, I was in the camp. Shitty Communists returned me freedom with the condition that I should continue to troll you lol
Then your freedom relies on my continued replies! Don't worry! I will feed the troll long into the night!

Sooo... About ignoring the election question twice in a row. Ever not going to ignore that question?