Don’t you mean “A-Mei-Zing”?

I’ll see myself out now...
She is not at the protest. She's in Canada, hence the maple leaf...
Protest cosplay

What a time to be alive
The Resistance against Blizzard-net is beginning. You have been targeted for termination. Go with her if you want to live. Fight for the future.
Jesus the speed of this, please never let up guys they need to feel this one
Wow that was fast ! :O
Don't stop posting about the China thing, post this once a day so it never dies down.
Its working.... its workiiiiing!
https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dg59iw/sooo_when_does_this_end/
Nice!
guess ur getting banned by bizzard as well
love it !! to the front page you go !
You're ready for Blizzcon !
Jesus that was quick.
pretty eyes
china has had rampant corruption, massacres, deadly pollution, and an oppressive government this whole time and only now, when a video game player is banned from a card game, is when the entirety of the internet enters hysteria... 
inb4 “it shows china is influencing american corporations” no shit, china influencing america is as american as apple pie
China is taking organs out of prisoners and you people are worried about a video game company's attempt to maintain neutral.
For the downvoting idiots > https://reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfq9kg/_/f357lrv/?context=1
[removed]
Lol, the resistance is against china and about freeing Hong Kong.

Lets not forget that and replace an evil government with an inept gaming company.
Yasssss! It’s working!!!
So what exactly are you crying about? That people didnt listen to you specifically? That people now care? That you don't get to be in the limelight? What exactly is your angle?
I'm not sure what your point is. Are you upset that now people actually care? There's always some sort of catalyst that gets people involved, for gamers this is that catalyst. A lot of people don't seem to care about cancer or certain diseases, until they or someone close to them gets diagnosed, do you go on mocking them because all of a sudden they care about that disease? Instead of embracing them, your rhetoric is an attempt to push people further from the cause, I just don't understand what your point is.
Protesting is about calling out bullshit, wherever it comes from.
Just because something is worse than something else doesn't mean it should be blindly accepted as if it doesn't matter. Also, that issue has nothing to do with what Blizzard did anyway.
That the fact the atrocities of china have gone on for this long and only when a kids internet cardgame is thrown into the mix do people begin to throw a fit about it. The outrage stems from a temporary issue, and is temporary in nature, weeks will pass and people will fade back into a veiled indifference on the actions of mainland china. Since you don’t understand this you’re a contributing factor to the overall issue of this cycle, but this is reddit after all, my hopes weren’t exactly high for most
Huh well dismissing comparing what “gamers” are going through with someone close to you being diagnosed with cancer, which is disturbing and a tad insensitive, yes it is an issue that people only care about this from recent introduction of videogames into this socioeconomic clusterfuck. This is not an effective poise to render any sort of valuable social yield that would otherwise birth some sort of shift in the public consciousness which would hold the credence of an effective and established cause. Caring about injustices committed by an entire nation solely due to a card game and the redundant implications sprung forth by recent actions, lends itself to the notion that this is entirely impermanent and will ultimately surmise in involvement falling upon equivalencies of inaction. If you still didn’t see the problem with this whole conundrum to begin with, and still fail to see it now, I don’t know if this exchange is even of any value to you. Know that these are the types of inconclusive point-stimuli reactions that do nothing but bring us further away from achievement, and all amalgamate into a muddied soup of clashing inclinations to fester in the general collective. It’s a completely fucked way of approaching the complex issues of the present, and we wonder why we keep encountering situations of the like
Yeah like this cosplay of a protester.
> but this is reddit after all, my hopes weren’t exactly high for most

Damn, aren't you enlightened?
You are spending your time and energy on the wrong issue, these comments only bring attention to yourself and not the issue at hand. I'm not looking to get into an argument but I think you are missing the bigger picture. Although I'm no expert, I have study Mao Zedong's China and his policies, so I have some understanding of Chinese history. If I were to just randomly talk to a gamer about China any other day, they might not listen, but if I were to do the same today, they may be more inclined. Do you not see how that is a net positive? Wouldn't it benefit both you and the people you are trying to reach to be more constructive in your approach, rather than talk down to your audience?

I am a staunch environmentalist and supporter of animal rights, but most of the time people would not really hear me out. However, today's climate (literally/metaphorically), has made people more willing to listen. Instead of talking down to them and saying see, I told you this would happen, I tell them things they could do to make the situation better.
yah, this comment highlights that you are just a contrarian and are just trying to find something to diss the movement.

If you actually cared about chine you'd be happy that more and more people do, instead you act like a snob "i cared about china before it was cool". What, you lost your precious elite club and are now mad?

Because you are acting exactly like the idiots that stop liking a show/comic the moment it gets "popular"
nah, that’s just the nature of most internet collectives unfortunately. It’s not just reddit, these ideations tend to surface in literally every medium of online validation-based interaction. reddit is not necessarily worse than any other instances of this, but it’s certainly not better either
not surprising you think this, but not any less disappointing to hear