I have been a Blizzard fan all the way back to StarCraft 1 when I was very young.

I subbed to r/Blizzard exclusively to upvote memes hating in them for this decision.

They won't get one more dollar out of me until they change their stance on HK.
[removed]
Cancelled my wow subscription today. Feelsgoodman.
I remember when they went above and beyond to make people think that they were very liberal, and supported everyone by making their games LGBT friendly. I guess companies show their true colors when money is in front of them.
?

This has always been how American companies have been. No morals.
Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. A wholly owned subsidery of the Chinese Communist Peoples Party of Liberal Fascism and Idiocy ...
Someone should go change the end to say “oh and they support the violation of human rights”.
Being American and hearng American values makes me laugh. We've done bad shit to lol. Hell we are a country that uses 20 year old kids with xbox controllers to murder civilians while breeding more terrorists. But no protests lol
If the NFL can do it, why shouldn't Blizzard?
Oh man this made me laugh. I wish I could attend blizzcon this year just to run into some of you lovely folks, I wonder how much of a shit show it's going to be.
Lol they locked the Wikipedia page to prevent someone from vandalizing the page
Nothing new. American freedom of anything goes only as far as it is not interfering with "getting money". Look at NBA and  Daryl Morey. There is no freedom of speech or right to support  something like defense of human rights because there is a lot of money.  So much work was done to fix his tweet and lick all those China asses to show them who is the b\*tch.
They're in Irvine? Thats a couple miles from me. Hmmmm
Hong kong is british. Rule Britannia Britannia rule the waves!
PS. I don't care about Hong Kong
Pretty much every "American" company has no nation, when Pride month started, it was everywhere, company promoting pride month in the west, while in the East it gets barely acknowledged likr it doesn't exist "pride month who dat?"
Man Blizzards PR team is having nightmares, when its only a moth until Blizccon
Oh fucking commie. I hope online will drops down and blizz will understand what they do lol
They have been stripped of ALL American spirit.

Sad.

It's all about money. Morals, values, pride... all sold out for $$$
Shouldn't it be "a Chinese video game developer"? "an Chinese" sounds really weird...
I’ve been a Blizzard fanboy since wasting years of my life playing WoW. 

For me, their reputation has been shattered. The damage they have done to their brand is immense. Once brand loyalty and trust has been lost, it’s just a matter of time before revenue takes a hit.

This black stain on their brand will become a cancer.
Unfortunately, they've already locked the article.
Actually no. Its common knowledge that here in America even the president have to listen to whoever donated them the most money during their campaign. Its the american culture.
Slowly prepares my rifle in the middle of the jungle with Chinese money in my cross hairs.
I place my wallet on a log and aim.
Suddenly Blizzard peeks through the bush next to me.
"Clever girl".
They protected the article, you must have a 4 days old verified account to edit it.
For anyone else that wants to delete their Blizzard account the link is [https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/2659](https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/2659)
In Spanish is already done!
Look it up on German google... it says Chinese
They have betrayed the very core values their country (ideally) holds dear in favor of catering to a totalitarian government.  That makes them essentially traitors in my book.
That became pretty clear back in MOP though when they had to actually announce it wasn't a joke.
That's right. America follows hardcore capitalism and that is what they're doing.
Oh you guys acted like this has not been done before. Let me tell you that despite all the outrage you guys creating. It is stated in the TOS that no political affiliation should be made by the player or even the caster. Let this be a lesson to all of you who forget that in nineteen eighty-four, when much of the world has fallen victim to perpetual war, omnipresent government surveillance, historical negationism, and propaganda. Great Britain, known as Airstrip One, has become a province of a superstate named Oceania that is ruled by the Party who employ the Thought Police to persecute individuality and independent thinking. Big Brother, the leader of the Party, enjoys an intense cult of personality despite the fact that he may not even exist. The protagonist, Winston Smith, is a diligent and skillful rank-and-file worker and Party member who secretly hates the Party and dreams of rebellion.
Errrr nah this is definitely a function of a Capitalist society? Or at least Corporations under Capitalism. The only people who matter to the top end of a business are the Shareholders. This level of evil amorality is the Norm not the Exception.
 
Here's a hint, any business unwilling to pay its dues in taxes will do evil things. Find me a major business not participating in a Tax Haven.
 
You want these people to actually work towards anyone's benefit? The entire system has to change. Will you still champion the boycott when the grievances stop being with China, whose evil's have been put under scrutiny your entire life because they are evil but you knowing that is also beneficial for propaganda? Will you support the boycott when they exploit workers in developing nations? Will you support the boycott when they buy political influence? When they hire people, force them to work hundreds of unpaid hours, then fire them? When they release "charity items" that trick their customers into paying for their massive tax breaks?
 
There is no ethical consumption under metastatic capitalism.
If you want to help boycott blizzard join r/FuckBlizzard if not thats fine
Is the Wikipedia page edited/defaced yet? :)
It *is* an American subsidiary / holding company though. That US companies whose ownership is organized via stock market shares have profit increase as an intrinsic value and that there are no regulations to prevent creeping self-censorship for appeasing foreign governments doesn’t negate that fact, only serves as a point of criticism towards US politico-economic system in general.
They want to be a Chinese company? I'm cool with that. Hearthstone is off my phone. And my entire battle.net is off my PC. cyah have fun in China.
Fuck Blizzard. Fuck China. And fuck all the American companies/organizations bending over to get screwed up the ass at China’s will. 

They aren’t American and should be ashamed of themselves.
Sorry but I'm not going to let a situation that has nothing to do with me ruin my enjoyment of a game I waited for years to be rereleased. Blizzard taking money from some irrelevant rich gamer for a reason that was probably in his contract (no political talk anywhere) is irrelevant to me, and I'm sure as hell not going to let the internet tell me I'm a piece of shit for playing a game I love because Blizzard is "big evil corporation". Just shut up already.
A lot of left wingers are trying to twist this around to talk bad about "America."

I'm not surprised.
[deleted]
I mean I dont care about their stance on anything. They werent wrong in enforcing their TOS in this situation. But punishing people who had nothing to do with his actions, thats where we should really be worried because thats 100% making an example out of people just to appease the chinese.
I filed a ticket and got the following link to delete your account permanently:  [https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/2659](https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/2659)
Not only this but I've uninstalled anything that's blizzard owned or ran, including overwatch, hearthstone, diablo, and destiny 2.

Edit: fixed typos, and clarified my statement.
Yeah but their launcher AND website won't let me log in so
I have to remember to do that
[deleted]
They did that for the money too, don't think it was for another reason.
So stop being a bitch and support when people turn against them.
~~American~~

All companies 

FTFY
Oh they have morals. Like their moral duty to their shareholders. Are top shareholders public record? I'd like to contact them about their blood money.
Repost of a comment I made in a different thread :

This is a huge non-argument. You can't just search out a specific subreddit where people talk about news around this specific company and then drop something that completely shifts the discussion. You are deliberately shifting the discussion from "customers and others are voicing their anger at actions from a company" to "companies in a capitalist system are inherently immoral". 

That's not the point here, because the way you post it and the timing of it only helps to keep that status quo. Instead of making people doubt capitalism, you only normalise it and help the criticism towards individual companies pass over more easily. You are the grease that makes sure criticism towards individual companies will not stick. 

This might seem like an ad homimem and it is. I won't call you schoolyard insults but I do feel like I need to call this out, I feel like you are approaching this either in the wrong way or downright disingenuous. There is nothing wrong with campaigning against a single company or getting upset at a single immoral act more companies do because it still shows cracks. If the genuine results are not in the changes made by a company, they are in finding more allies. 

People are better at seeing individual processes they disagree with than the entire economic system they are comfortable with out of familiarity. The best way to get people motivated is still a single cause, but for those motivated it leaves a lasting impact.
No it isn't. And it never support commie. Its first time when.
You're digging yourself a hole you won't be getting out of for a *long* time, friend.
not every corp..

only a few..

it is mainly the airline, IT (google, fb, reddit) and clothes shop..
you know you’ve fucked up when you are working in a company actively supporting the organ harvesting holocaust
Sadly propaganda and nationalism works both ways.
\> uses 20 year old kids with xbox controllers to murder civilians while breeding more terrorists 

....you think drones are piloted by 20 year olds with xbox controllers and they just blow up random civilians?
I feel like I always hear this nihilistic attitude when it comes to any criticism regarding places like China. People can criticize the American government and criticize other governments and we don't need this bad faith whataboutism. 

There is also a difference between the usage of drones and the freedom to criticize things like the usage of drones. Freedom is the first step.
But! but! America!..
gotta love that 5 day old account
> But no protests lol

You can't be this ill-informed.....
The article was locked in April, because idiots defaced the article "for the lulz".

Lock has nothing to do with current situation, to it is lucky it is there, to keep people from defacing it again.
It wouldnt be hard to jaws of life off the orc's head
Dont worry, overwatch's new char "perfect social creddit marysue" will help
I mean, it's not like this represents a major change. This just brought to light what a cancerous blight they've become in such a way that only the most devoted fanboys could deny it.
In april.
Indeed.  Luckily since "corporations are people" we should theoretically be able to hold them to that descriptor.

&#x200B;

Fair is fair no?
What does this even mean? That's like saying America follows murders because they support freedom. Capitalism is just the free market. People reacting and choosing not to purchase a product because of their beliefs is also the free market at play.
Actually, I think America is way more pro freedom than pro capitalism. And I also think you wanted to say 'greed' instead of 'capitalism', because capitalism is not inherently bad, greed is.

But anyway, Blizzard is now just a shadow of it's former self
You notice that the extent of their punishment is a political statement and therefore political affiliation in itself? it seems like most of us would of been with a fine or some kind of probation. Also what are you even trying to say about 1984?
> Brings \[them\] into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages \[Blizzard’s\] image.” 

Nothing about this rule mentions anything political. It is intentionally vague, so that Blizzard can use it to it's discretion. If you can't see that and you believe nobody can do anything about this, you're part of the problem.
When exactly most harshest punishement (harshest than even for cheating) was applied for mere statement at the end of game interview? As far as I know, the closer you get to China, the stricter these rules are regulated.
\*no ethical consumption under crony capitalism.

&#x200B;

As a independent voter, to even understand what the fuck of a twisted capitalism we have in America, you really have to understand the history of how it evolved... from 1700 onwards. Literally.
Taxation is theft. There is nothing ethical about it.
Totally agree with you
Thats cool and all but the quality of games is going to degrade anyway just like the movie industry in china now that the ccp are dictating what they can film. I get that you want all of this to not effect you but it still does. The CCP wresting control of western corporations is going to eventually impact your life negatively and by then it may be too late to speak out.

 I get that you aggressively dont care and i almost like that because it is its own punishment lol, but whatever. The truth is what it is.
"I care more about having a few hours of fun than I care about the fact that I'm giving money to fascists."
Ok boomer
I just use their services and consume their bandwidth, server time, etc, without spending a penny on their game. I have Overwatch/Hearthstone, but I won't buy loot boxes or card backs until they reverse this decision and commit to free speech
https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfllko/far_worse_than_deleting_or_requesting_data/

https://shipyourenemiesgdpr.com/
Destiny isn't blizzard owned
Destiny is not blizzard owned
Here's a little reminder :P mine was actually really easy to do, now I'm trying to get my details deleted
Remember, if you continue to use anything made in China (Clothes, Electronics), you are actively supporting authoritarianism and human rights abuses by proxy.
Dudes seriously shit-talking me for canceling my sub in a group I'm at for wow classic lol, even after explaining the whole thing, I swear human rights are just "meh" to some people.  


Edit: hit enter too soon.
See you all on battle.net in a month
you are replying a wumao

they always make china puppy's action reasoning

and brainwash u to fail
Don't forget cable companies.
Are you seriously trying to defend murder of civilians
I don't care. Because all anyone is going to do is complain online an nothing will change 


How about maybe instead of complaining about a gaming company you start your own mass protests to force your fuckin government to stop.doing all business with China.
I don't see a mass of people sitting in front of the White House threatening to storm it if they don't stop the war. No one will to take drastic measures like we have done for all of human history.

So I'm enjoy classic and not care
Oh had they? Didn't bother to check the lock date.
Correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't that some person decision? Real life people are in charge of every corporation.
I think you're confusing capitalism with markets. Capitalism is a system wherein economic power lies with owners. While it's not inherently greedy, it provides huge incentives for people to become wealthier at the expense of all other values.
Good luck being successful in a capitalistic society without being greedy.
Yeah, we just need to eliminate greed and capitalism will work perfectly. Simple.
He's making a reference to the famous book by George Orwell.  Not a good one, but a reference non the less
I mean 'Crony Capitalism' is just Capitalism. I call it Metastatic because it has not only become cancerous but spread to parts of our lives where it has absolutely no place.
If you hate roads, public services then sure. Otherwise it isn’t theft.
Look up whale and fish model. You are still providing added value to Blizz by playing in queues.

 I recommend r/MagicArena as a substitute to hearthstone, or r/EternalCardGame if you need mobile. TF2 is a great substitute to Overwatch. You have F2P options that will actually make a difference.
You are actually just joining the 80% who never purchase anyway but still provide a lot of value to the company. They provide enemies and partners (aka "fun") for the matchmaker of the paying users. They provide stable user numbers that help the paying users to make a decision if it is still worth to spend on the game.

If you want to hurt Blizzard you have to stop using their services for good. Even though it hurts yourself too. Noone said morals and ethics are free or easy.
I was aware they didn't own them outright but still had a deal with them through parent company Activision, which is why Destiny was launched under the battle.net launcher.  I had not realized that Microsoft had bought them at the beginning of the year. I appreciate you making me fact check myself.  Activision Blizzard is still a Chinese funded and destiny 2 is still a game made by Bungie and Activision, and one that made most of it's PC sales money on the Activision Blizzard market for them which doesn't make me feel any better about having them on my systems.
shhh. its a bad game anyway...
People do not care until the shit hits them, especially gamers. But I don't blame them, their life is about gaming and feeling good in games.
Of all the subs I'm watching regarding this subject, WoW is the only one with more support toward Blizzard, than banned player. State of mind, I suppose.
BuT tHeYrE nOt MY hUmAn RigHtS
Tencent has a huge investment in reddit, and you commenting on reddit is tantamount to supporting reddit. Ccp shill.
You're on reddit though?
that's what happens when you're 14 and think you are very smart.
It's "meh" to some people because normal people can see the Hong Kong thing for what it is: State Department and CIA stooges meddling in foreign affairs to start another war.

I wish every one of these "people" supporting revolution in Hong Kong were drafted to be frontline infantry in the coming war with China. Put your money where your mouth is and die for what you are virtue signalling for.
That's not at all what he said
You can learn more about reading comprehension here https://www.k12reader.com/subject/reading-skills/reading-comprehension
the corporations are people statute was originally ruled on in a case against the Southern Pacific Railroad in the 1800s. 

It's been upheld long enough that we should be able to hold corporations to that descriptor, even if that original ruling was in error by a paid judge.
Well, the thing that capitalism inherently makes people lose their other values is not true. If it was like this, everyone would start losing their values and that isn't happening. I know people that are successful in this system and are still great people. 

Capitalism by itself isn't bad, this is what made possible great things and great companies, and for some time, these great games.blizzard made. Greed, on the other hand, is what brings down all of this down. Blizzard was successful and maintained their values in capitalism, and everything was fine, until Activision came, and greed started making its way to the other half of the company, and (the term "half" is just because they're two, I don't know exactly the % of how much is blizzard or Activision....) Today I feel they're just one and the same.

 Greed is the current villain, let's not blame the wrong thing, or we will not know how to repair it correctly. I hope that they would.get away from Activision, to come back to their glory times, even if they didn't have the budget for the best visually game ever, if they managed to come back with their core.vslues, I will support them.like I never did. It is possible, but today, highly unlikely.
I am and I'm not being greedy. It all depends what you perceive as "success".
I know people who are successful without being greedy. They worked hard, studied a freaking lot, and now they work with jobs that paids them very well. That's not being greedy, that's ones will power to be successful in life. What's greedy in studying a lot? xD
Still better than The communist regime of China.
I didn't said it was simple, or even possible. But even communism with greed still creates bad things xD this is no exception. If only it was so easy.... But this is reality so of course it isn't.

I just hope blizzard would come back from this path.
Not really. All capitalism is in a pure form is someone makes something, and I choose whether I want to buy it or not. I'm not forced to buy it. Someone doing something unethical, or I otherwise disagree with? I can choose to not buy their product.
You think the only way to provide those things is via government? And that justifies everything else they do?

You're insane. That BS you mentioned is the tiniest fraction of the state budget. And they suck at it. 

Dominoes handles roads better than them.
Turns out there are tons of privately maintained roads. 
And everyone's favorite "socialism" (it's not socialism) in Sweden 66% of their roads privatized. Bootlickers BTFO FOR MUH ROADS!
Roads are paid for by gas tax (small cents price on every gallon you buy) not by income tax.

We could all stop paying income tax and roads would still be paid for. (Not that I support 0 taxes, but you see my point)
I do play Shadowverse as an alternative to Hearthstone and Paladins as an alternative to Overwatch.

I don't think me playing OWatch/Hearthstone adds any value to their game via "whale and fish model". Not like me playing makes any noticeable difference on queue times or anything like that.
Then I will join the 80%. I spend a lot of money on blizzard games, usually end up dropping 5-10 dollars every day. I play Overwatch and HOtS for a school team and if I stop practicing I'll get kicked off. I'm not willing to sacrifice that for the sake of the boycott but I will stop giving blizzard my money. Just because I'm playing their games for my own personal interests doesn't mean I support what blizzard does and I believe all of their social media platforms being overrun with hate will force a response out of them in time regardless. I have nothing against people boycotting their games, I just wanted to say that I'm in a position where doing so would have a horrible negative impact on my life and I shouldn't be judged as a suppressor of free speech just for doing so.
Destiny was only financed by Activision when they owned Bungie. Bungie is now publishing it as an independent developer on Steam and have severed all ties with Activision-Blizzard
> destiny 2 is still a game made by Bungie and Activision

Incorrect. blizactivision has nothing to do with them anymore.
No it isn’t. The game is free to play, very well made, and the DLCs are very fun. Destiny 2 is free on Steam with the first two DLCs, you should play it.
>WoW is the only one with more support toward Blizzard

Ironically WoW is the game that should have the least support by now after multiple expansions of pure failure.

But WoW also has the biggest Blizzard ball-lickers, so it's to be expected.
WoW players have spent exponentially more money on Blizzard than any other players, except the Whaliest of Hearthstone players. It's unfortunate but understandable that they're more conflicted about throwing it all away.
Its because they did a really good job with the classic rollout. As I’ve said before I was really enjoying it and wanted to play but now it’s not even installed.
You got me \*raises hands\*
Okay, undo whatever laws that prevent me from being eligible for the selective service and thus keep me uneligible from serving just because I take methylphenidate for my ADHD.
Flatearther?
So China is willing to let HK go peacefully? It is the CIA and State Dept making up the whole thing?
I wouldn't mind killing some communists and freeing the east hemisphere from China's genocidal government. Pity it'll never happen because of Nuclear deterrence
That is a very dumb argument.  We don't tell all the racists in our country to go fight our wars in the Middle East even though many support that because they hate people who aren't white. The people who join the military know that war is a possibility, I served 4 years myself. During that time I've met plenty of people who were in the service who didn't agree with what we were doing, but did it anyways because it was our job, duty, and we took an oath to do it. I think fighting for HK human rights, and combatting genocide is a much more noble use of life than going to kill random people in the Middle East for oil and money.
>Put your money where your mouth is and die

If you looked at what's happening in China, you'd know this already happens.
chinese smurf detected!!!
Capital is success in capitalism.
China calls itself "communist" but in reality its economic system is a form of state capitalism. Communism would require the abolition of the state and the handing of economic power to collectives.
How can an economic system be better than a country? That’s comparing apples to oranges.
The problem isn't that we don't have enough government interference, it's that we have too much government interference.  
Let people boycott if they'd like. That's their choice under capitalism.
Yes but the basic setup of the system all but guarantees cronyism. It is only sensible for a Capitalist to maximize profits and minimize spending without an external force acting upon it. This means that they can spend their money to conceal the amoral things they do. Or to lobby politicians to avoid passing holidays or regulations that might hinder their ability to profit.
 
Capitalism left to its own devices, even if you had all the kindest CEOs working at this moment, will **always** become Crony Capitalism. Restricted and/or Well Regulated Capitalism can be a perfectly fine system but it is far from it's natural state.
Oh, I’d like a list of these privately maintained roads because odds are those are in places with HOAs which collect fees. 

And don’t call a driveway a “private road” either. 

Fact is taxes allows everyone to share the financial burden to have things. In the US we have the Small Business Association which is paid for by taxes. They help individuals prepare to start a business.
Can you imagine being enough of a Corporate Cuckold to actually want to be a Libertatian? "Taxes are theft! They take 10% of my take home. And then they use it on things that almost always benefit me! My private employer is great though!! He only takes 90% of the Value I create. He uses that to make sure I don't have to get sick days or reasonable vacation time."
the comments above didn't specify which tax. it sounded like a broad stroke of 'every tax is bad'. i put roads under that broad stroke because it is a tax.
It really does matter. A major part of the psychology of why whale and fish works is because there are enough people playing the game and being in the "community". Until you actually leave, you are added value to Blizz. If it wasn't, then there would be no f2p games ever. If you added no value to Blizz for playing without spending money, you wouldn't be allowed to do it.
You do you mate, no worries. I just wanted to point out, that not paying isn't automatically the same as not supporting.
they got out before it was too late!
~Nope~
If by fun you mean a grinding simulator with a weak story, I fully agree with you.
Classic just came out.
I think because of all those failures most of the players left on WoW are the ball-lickers that would rather die than leave.
they're used to dissapointment.
Well same, playing since BC but as a socialism refugee myself I feel obliged to support the fight in HK, and anyone who also went through/ is going through that hell. I completely understand though, not many people understand what's going on in the world.
On the other hand, no one is asking them for immediate closure of all their Blizzard accounts. They can play WoW all the way they want, I'm asking only for a bit more of sensibility.
Victim of poor education and/or propaganda most likely
I have what I need although not everything I want. I'm happy, relatively healthy and free. I would call it a success, while I'm still living in capitalistic society. These boundaries do not determine me.
Could you be more vague? "Capital" could be $1 sitting in your pocket. 

Your statement means nothing. But it does allude to your economic failures.
Uh... no. not even close.  
as a independent voter, I can say you have this entirely wrong. Brainwashed, much?
No "communist" country has really been communist.
Collectives that are managed by......
It can't be but I feel you know what he meant by this.
He's talking about communism. Every place that communism grows becomes dictatorship or full of censorship, police violence and all kind of bad stuff. Venezuela, Cuba, China, North Korea, old Soviet Union....
Then restrict the government, not the people.  
You get Crony Capitalism because of more restrictions being placed on capitalism, not less.  
See insulin being so fucking expensive: because almost nobody is allowed to produce it because of restrictions and regulations and copyrights, which are all restrictions on the people instead of on the government.
>  I’d like a list of these privately maintained roads 

Sweden or the USA?
Sweden has a shitton.
https://devoelmoorecenter.com/2018/02/28/why-the-u-s-should-adopt-the-nordic-approach-to-private-roads/
> And then they use it on things that almost always benefit me!

The United States? Or any government? Seriously? How much of the yearly budget do you think gets used on things that "almost always benefit me"? 

>He only takes 90% of the Value I create. He uses that to make sure I don't have to get sick days or reasonable vacation time

Straight up false. I don't know wtf you're talking about.
>If you added no value to Blizz for playing without spending money, you wouldn't be allowed to do it.

That's not why f2p works. F2p works because you use it to get a lot more customers that might spend money in the future. 

If a game has an upfront $60 price tag, people aren't going to buy it unless they're thoroughly convinced that they'll enjoy it. Whereas with a free to play game, people will give it a shot even if it looks just okay.

Then they play, get hooked, and end up spending a lot more than the purchase price in mtx.

I guess you could make a case where if my friends played a game and spent money on it, then me playing as a f2p with them encourages their spending because I am enhancing their experience. But the idea that some whale is only spending money because some random they don't know is playing for free? That's ridiculous.
Doesn't mean that it can't be fun. People treat games as if it's only good if you can get 500+ hours of entertainment out of them. Destiny 2 is f2p with 2 extra DLC's, that's at least 20 - 40hours of gameplay which is subjectively more fun than not.
And Private servers were always a thing.
I appreciate your sentiment. 

That said, China isn't socialist. They've practiced state capitalism for decades.
Fully agreed.
The irony in this statement is astounding.

He’s 100 percent right but the problem with people like him and me to a lesser extent is thinking we can ever lead the blind sheep when they are already so indoctrinated.

Do me a favor and go look up the history of American and European Imperialism and tell me how their domestic dispute with Hong Kong is any different than the thousands of territories we’ve done hostile takeovers of.


Or better yet why anti Chinese and anti Russian sentiments have persisted for almost 40 years as they remain the only viable threats to America’s ongoing global supremacy.

Absolute sheep
Propaganda can kill even the best educated people. They don't train mental fortitude in schools sadly
I'm getting really tired of trying to explain this to people.
NA loves to call anything they don't like "communism" but have no idea what that means... It's just a buzz word and people have learned to see it as offensive and scary. That most likely comes from their relation with Russia and the media pinning every single bad thing about Russia under this word.

Same here in Canada.. Well, the population is a bit more educated on the matter but people of ages 40+ are still that way.
Local boards, mostly. 

Mind you, I'm not advocating for communism. I'm just saying China ain't it.
China is not communist (not saying if communism good or bad, that’s for each of you to think on and come up with your own idea). China is a dictatorship that will use any social and economic means to continue to seize power over its own people, including brainwashing. It has not been a communist country for decades now.
...Insulin is so expensive because one massive douchebag charges an insane amount of money for it and uses the rest of his money to prevent any regulation or restriction being put on him. Copyrights existed for a good purpose but Companies and Corporations have spent huge money twisting them into what they like and using their money to quash attempts to push back.
 
Look at Mickey Mouse for example. He is supposed to be in the Public Domain now. Most of Disney's money came from Public Domain characters but Mickey is their mascot so Disney went and got Copyright and Public Domain laws rewritten.
 
Restrictions on Capitalism is how you prevent that bullshit.
you don't seem to understand how big the US is:

> The US road network exceeds 6.58 million kilometres in total length, making it the world’s longest and biggest road network. It comprises approximately 4.3 million kilometres of paved roads including 76,334km of expressways and 2.28 million kilometres of unpaved roads. The country’s road network includes many of the world’s longest highways.

for comparison I added the rank they're listed at.

* \#1 America: 6,580,000 km
* \#14 Sweden: 579,564 km
* \#16 Finland: 454,000 km
Clean water, schooling, sewage, infrastructure, defence, policing, health regulation, industry standards, medical r&d (almost all medicine and scientific breakthroughs that are claimed by business is done by dotting i's and crossing t's from government supported university labs), major technological upgrades (see the Space Race), rental standards, etc... The government does a lot for you but it doesn't have the ability to make you less pigheaded and admit it.
 
Also the employer stealing most of the value your labour generates. That's literally a basic tenant. If you don't know what I'm talking about, I honestly applaud your willingness to be honest about your lack of education.
Some rando, no. Enough rando's is the big part. There are plenty of ways to create a demo such that it doesn't cost 80% of your upkeep just to support people who aren't paying. Most of them are much cheaper. Just look at WoW's model. F2P up to level 20. That's enough to decide if its worth playing, but doesn't end up being 80% of active players. Why the hell wouldn't Blizz do something similar on hearthstone if it didn't benefit them to have you playing anyway.
As someone who primarily cares about story and context to gameplay, Destiny satisfies nothing in terms of giving your gameplay any value. It’s all flowery language and inconsequential events that really don’t create a compelling narrative at all. It could possibly be fun, but what’s the point of playing for 10 hours to 500+ hours when your gameplay means pretty much nothing.
Yep. This may come as a surprise, but even though you presented that as if it were in conflict with what I said, it's not.
You're right; they are ruled by a single party that by law, if you live in China, you have to vote for; and that party is the Communist Party.
"*real communism has never been tried before guys*"

\-every communist ever
True. Thankfully, most "western" countries don't roll with really anything heavier than really somewhat obviously biased news channels. And a good education can help teach one to think critically, and not to just take everything at face value. I know I was taught that at least, checking sources and whatnot. Though I do admit, most of the propaganda that I've ever been subjected to has been biased news/reporting. 

So basically nothing hardcore, I'm lucky I guess.
Yep, you're on point. Educated or not, being susceptible for indoctrination is entirely different thing.
Yeah. A dictator taking people's farms away from them so they starve isn't really communism.
It's funny in the US how afraid they are of the word socialism as well. And at the same time they passed the Farm Bill last year. That's farm socialism, plain and simple.
Because  "communism" doesn't exist and will never exist. People use the word communist to refer to any of the morons and states that attempted to implement a failed and flawed ideology. 

It's almost like words change based on real life, and the term communist is now used to refer to the dozens and dozens of countries that have tried communism and all end up fucked or genocidal. 

No one is talking about Marx's definition or Lenins or whoever when they're using the word communist or communism in todays world, or even 90 years ago.
> Local boards

gov·ern·ment
/ˈɡəvər(n)mənt/

noun
1.
the governing body of a nation, state, or community.
Yes, because the exactly communism doesn't exist, because it also can't exist. When a country go to the communist/socialist way, it starts to break apart from the problems it have, so what happens is, the state and the people close to the state are under a capitalism way of doing things, while everyone else gets closer to a communist way of things. Companies that are big in shine often have good relationship with the state, and that's how things go, because if they don't do this, the state breaks and people run away from the country. 

 But if you really want to say that this is not communism, then sure, I can just say that every country that goes deeper in the leftist side fit those problems I stated, and this is just a description of what happens in the world. 

Yes, maybe it's communist right now, that's just because communism can't work without breaking the whole country before reaching the exact scenario it wants to get. Edit: And also yes, it need to become a dictatorship or people will just run away or fight back because of the surging problems. That's why Venezuela, Cuba, North Korea are all dictatorships, because this doesn't stand up without one.
>Every place that communism grows becomes dictatorship or full of censorship

Hmm it seems like you're agreeing with the above, but you don't like it so you try to insist that you didn't just say the same thing.

>China is a dictatorship

>It has not been a communist country for decades now.
Quite the contrary. If copyrights didn't exist , everything would be public domain. Disney wouldn't be able to stop me from using  Mickey Mouse to sell flavored drinking water to children, for example.
I am very aware of how large the US is. I also know how large and sparse the population is.

I also know that roads are currently a tiny fraction of the budget, and if you look at it closer you will see this isn't the hill you want to die on.
>  There are plenty of ways to create a demo such that it doesn't cost 80% of your upkeep just to support people who aren't paying. Most of them are much cheaper. Just look at WoW's model. F2P up to level 20. That's enough to decide if its worth playing,

It really isn't. The leveling experience is a lot different than endgame. You attract a lot more players/potential spenders with free to play rather than a "free trial"
Then it's not for you, nothing wrong about it. Games are like movies you know, different types for different people.
That was my take on it when I tried it recently. I can see why some would like it, but it's just not for me.
"Centralized economic power is communism"

-everyone who has no idea what they're talking about
Yup this, I've been told Maduro is a capitalist not a socialist and I'm like really now? When it goes bad it stops being socialism? But Hugo Chávez was your New posterboy while he was executing us for dissenting and making people eat trash out of hunger??

Look at the dude saying it's capitalism, yes they did say they're applying capitalism on an economy level (I wonder why, even China realized It's beloved communism hurts economy)

But it's part of it's communism plan, they admit it's COMMUNISM, sauce: I was forced to go to a communist hearing from mainland Chinese reps or ministers idk in my country else my family would get fired from its job lol, but watch a "Marxist redditor" come quick to defend their imaginary world, to discredit what I actually LIVED.
I don’t think you got my point, man. I was not disagreeing, just clarifying an important part of your original statement. It happens through all the spectrum. Think Chile’s Pinochet or Noriega’s Panama on the side, for example.
\> It has not been a communist country for decades now 

Only because communism stops working the  second after it's implemented. No state is really communist because communism can't exist in real life, that doesn't mean we can't still use the word to refer to the countries and people who support it's (failed) implementation
If Copyrights didn't exist a ton of our modern technology wouldn't exist or you would see the re-emergence of Guilds for things like computer parts. Why would I reveal how something I built works if I can't be certain some super rich dude isn't going to steal it from under me and make sure I still benefit from my hard work.
 
Modern Copyrights are evil. Copyrights use to do good.
> this isn't the hill you want to die on.

at least it'll be paved!

anyways, it was about taxes being theft, which it isnt.
I got you, but I just get irked when I hear Destiny being praised so much for Bungie’s recent decisions regarding F2P and other improvements. The way I see it is that for Bungie to actually get newer players is to go the route that they did, because the people who would buy the game have already bought it. It’s not like they’re necessarily doing it to do right by their community like how many people are claiming.
they need a capitalistic economy to substent their communist policies...
I just want capitalism and decent social policies. Is that too much to ask for?
Yes, actually I was commenting in other conversation and got messed up in the comments, my bad xD misread who I was answering actually. 

But anyway, these problems came from the original system anyway, because of the leftists ideas. I just hope people just don't forget this and start playing the games again a week later or something, because that way they're just getting away with things like this.
You're somewhat seeing my point, but still trying to twist it.  


If copyrights didn't exist, what's stopping me from collaborating with Acme Small Computers to make a chip that while similar to Intel's, is vastly ahead of it's time?  


And you do realize that you can protect a trade secret without needing a copyright, correct?
It absolutely is. By any definition. They are compulsory, taken by force, and you are punished if you attempt to not pay.

If a civilian tries that, they get charged with racketeering.

EDIT:
"Theft is often defined as the unauthorized taking of property from another with the intent to permanently deprive them of it"

https://criminal.findlaw.com/criminal-charges/theft-overview.html

"Theft is defined as the physical removal of an object that is capable of being stolen without the consent of the owner and with the intention of depriving the owner of it permanently. The thief need not intend to keep the property himself; an intention to destroy it, sell it, or abandon it in circumstances where it will not be found is sufficient."

https://www.britannica.com/topic/theft

"the act of stealing; the wrongful taking and carrying away of the personal goods or property of another; larceny."

https://www.dictionary.com/browse/theft

Your next move is to try to argue for the Social Contract.
That was the only route only fanboys think otherwise. Game is still ridiculously overpriced. If I want to unlock 100% of the game content it costs at least extra 80€ to get Forsaken and Shadowkeep. It's a decent game, but selling every dlc for ~30€ and then having and mtx shop is an overkill, that's why I never got into the game seriously.
Which "communist policies" are those?
Apparently yes, I'd love that actually, lived in Scandinavia for a while and that's how it works there. Bretty good
Seriously look up why copyrights were made. Trade Secrets kind of fucked over humanity for ages. For example, in the time of Alexander we both had working steam engines and rail tracks. Steam Engines as they were would only be passed down Master to Apprentice and could not feasibly be studied and were eventually lost for several hundred years.
 
I would agree Copyrights are often inideal even before they got twisted by big business, being easily exploitable. Ask Edison on that front. I think the Copyright system has value but does need reworking.
 
Also people are working on similar chips and it was a big deal a few years ago when some company was planning a cheaper release to force down Intel's prices.
optional, as you dont have to live in the country. there are plenty of people living without paying taxes. you just have to be homeless and only barter trade for goods and services as buying anything, typically, means paying taxes.

you agree to use the public services, then you agree to taxed to keep those services running.

for property taxes. you agree to pay and they agree to allow you to use it. if you dont pay then you can't use it.
Same here, I seriously despised what Activision-Blizzard and Bungie did in terms of monetization for Destiny, and Bungie still has yet to prove that they will do better on that front.
oh, i am so sorry, i missread the ccp.

it's meant to be China's capitalist party

how can i be so dumb?
I’m from NZ, it’s pretty up there. It seems to work pretty well to me.
One of the things Alexander did not have was internet, or even the printing press, or as you pointed out, Guilds.  
A free spread of information was severely limited then.  
Nothing would stop me from showing how to make insulin or intel's chips.
> you agree to use the public services

If I didn't have to pay for the ones I don't use this would make sense. Seeing as that's not the case, it's pointless.

>property taxes

I agree to pay for something I own and they agree to give me permission to use something I own? And that makes sense to you?
I bet you also think they're a People's Republic, and that the Nazis were Socialists, because you clearly put a lot of faith in authoritarian branding.
If you think names are always 100% accurate, like you're implying here, you're gonna be super confused when you learn about the Titmouse.
That's really good lol, sorry for small chat comment but ironically a friend was checking it out to move there, and that was one of the reasons! All the best to you.
No but people would have had far less reason to ever make the thing in the first place. Lets say we didn't have Copyrights but people still eventually worked their way through how to make these things and did, keeping it secret in a format like a Guild. How much of their resources would be spent fighting the internet ever making it into homes to restrict that information.
 
Copyrights with all their stupid restrictions did make the information about what people built why and how FAR more accessible because people were willing to publicize it
No one owns land. That’s owned by the government and leased to states and public.
it's one thing to brand yourself as something you are not because it helps public appeareance:

\-like antifa which is the opposite of the name

\-or the democratic party that is against democracy

&#x200B;

it's another not being able to recognize when the brand fits the policies...

may i refer you to the state controlling everything from economics, to SPEECH, to privacy and data gathering, to human rights, the means of production, you know, the small things that "totally not-communist" prefer to control.
No problem, have a good life 😁
You underestimate humanity's want to succeed and overcome.
Not just land.

And you support this.

Did you know it costs $5/month to be employed in the city of Denver? It's called a "Privilege Tax"
So to recap:

1. You don't know what words mean, and

2. You believe proven liars' versions of events.

Good day to you.
So then, what is the difference between fascism and communism? Both rely on authoritarian governments. Both strangle liberty, but they're strangely at opposite ends of the political spectrum. What is the difference, and which do you support?
No I just have historical accounts of how much and how badly that will gets exploited
If you don’t support it then find places without it. 

I’m ok with shared expenses.
so to recap your recap:

\-you have no idea what you're talking about (or you do and just don't want to admit basic truths)

\-you became the proven liar you despised so much.

bad day to you, sadly didn't earn the good one uwu.
Not really. You yourself have been arguing against additional government, you just don't really know it.