10 points have been deducted from your social score.
Xi-eg Heil, indeed!
Blizzard is bending over to a modern day Hitler.
Also r/FuckBlizzard

Join us, every redditor counts - let's form a crowd of 10'000 by November 1 (blizcon)
The Dictator has evolved.......
Just cancelled my WoW subscription. Just came back to the game after a couple years.
I'm a long-time Blizzard fan and will be joining the boycott. It's a shame because I was enjoying classic WoW but, unlike Blizzard, I actually value freedom and don't think the CCP should be controlling our speech.
Boycotting Blizzard after decades playing their games.  They have made clear their intention to become a corporate censor for the PRC.  They are an enemy of free speech.
Not a golden legendary, should have been a turd hued common
 I wanted to unwind and play some OW after work last night, instead, I uninstalled the game.  Nice work Blizzard, some things are more important than protecting profits.
You need to add Activision to the front of this as well

oh and Apple too
I just got an update on my "Data Protection Request" to have my account and information deleted. For those that don't know they will automatically fail your attempts at using SMS Text or the Authenticator verification to submit leaving you with the only option of uploading your ID. I did so but redacted my DL # and other information not used in creating my account, so they had my name, address, photo of my ID...DENIED. Claimed it was illegible which is BS
Btw guys don't forget to boycott Activision products too, since they're merged with Blizz.
Would you happen to have any hunny?
My sides!
He looks like Whinny the Poo
I remember reading a article in popular mechanics about the social score system in China, and they didn't even appear to criticize it once throughout the article.
Enrage: All opposing minions are silenced.
If you are not already muted in wow classic chat you are doing it wrong..   


Spam it up . Free Hong Kong !
The 5 attack makes it so much funnier
Now hearthstone is banned in China XD
Xi Jinpig
what we got to do is convince tfue or ninja to go to a lan event with a  free honk kong tshirt on since epic is also majority owned by Chinese companies
*powers up upon usage of a honey pot card
Oh, bother.
6HP 4ATK will be better
I tried multiple times to remove my account. They keep telling me that I'm putting in the wrong info too many times, but it's the first time I entered anything. I created a ticket and they just tell me that they don't get involved in politics. WTF do I do?
You forgot L between B and O
Look at this piece of shit.
Your social credit points has gone below 40. Send him to gulag.
Happily joining in
[deleted]
Joined and spreading the word.
Here I come
I'm straight up deleting the whole account. I'm never going back.
edgy
Mute your voice can make money, why Blizzard don't do that....
Give it the same man's cost, but 0 attack, this worm is a coward
That's why it says all enemy companies
I believe I read earlier that epic has already stated that they won't punish people over political statements in response to this.
I feel a bit dumb not getting this one
It's Laogai, not gulag in this case.
Here here
No you're not lol all they did was enforce rules that were broken. All your people are doing is being hysterical
Nope. Principled. You wouldn't understand.
Well good on them then
There is no harvesting in China.

Here, you are free.
isn't laogai shanghainese for prison? mandarin is jianyu
[deleted]
Found the China Lover...
Blizzard sucks china's dick over their fanbase, that might be something, as a fan, worth getting a little hysterical about. 

Blizzard sucks china's dick over common decency or the pretense of impartial business? Damn straight it is. Enjoy your Gatcha!
You have 200 points added to your Social Credit Score!
[deleted]
They are having a Chinese developer working on Diablo Immortal.

That company is paying taxes to the Chinese Government so to some extent they are. Obviously this makes almost every corporation in the world complicit.
Laogai is 勞改 which used to be a type of crude and unusual punishment; by stripping away all your social status, forced to so labour under surveillance

I would say it's kind of like concentration camp.
Anywhere the full address of blizzard and where to send this to ?

&#x200B;

Edit i just sent this to "[DPO@Blizzard.com](mailto:DPO@Blizzard.com) "

&#x200B;

lets see.
Oh I like this
No not a china lover  just looking at this objectively instead of like a crazy person
🙄
Nope
Why should an American based company bow and fear what they say about another country?
Oh...you must know...Money is king, anyway i removed my account.
The company didn't say shit about another country though. The player used their platform to push a viewpoint that yes i agree with but it was not the place for it. He knew the repercussions of his actions and he knew he would be putting blizzard in a bad spot. 

All blizzard did was enforce their own rules and people went apeshit.

If someone in a US tournament did the same thing and said fuck trump the same result would happen so i don't get why you people don't see that. They obviously have this rule in place to not have any political or other things that could damage them in their events
What was it that leftists love to say? Speech has consequences? This is a good example of it. We all know that a "rule" is not a 'must always do' kinda thing in these situations and in this case where they not only canned the guy who did but also two unrelated casters there is only two three things to say:

China is Asshole

Blizzard is Asshole

Fuck China
Literally an official Blizzard statement:

 *“We are very angered and disappointed at what happened at the event and do not condone it in any way. We also highly object the spreading of personal political beliefs in this manner…We will always respect and defend the pride of our country.”*
The caster's were in on it. The caster's prompted blitzchung to make his statement. That is why they were canned.  


NFL, NBA, MLB all have similar stipulations for their players. They are welcome to their opinions, but may not use the league(S) as a platform to project those opinions. And while there is usually more incremental repercussions in those leagues (relatively small fines, shorter suspensions, and grow from there for repeat incidents), the penalty handed down from Blizzard's APAC office was consistent with their contract with this player.  


Blitzchung was welcome to use his personal social media to make his statement. He and the casters chose to commandeer the hearthstone webcast to give their message knowing that they would likely be penalized for it and still considered it to be a worthwhile endeavor.
That was less official and more that someone on their blizzard taiwan team made. Also that's not the full statement