Just canceled my subscription.
Cancelled my wow subscription, which sucks cause I was excited for the new patch.
Done, thank you!  

I've played blizzard games since Warcraft 2/StarCraft and would like to thank blizzard for the fun times I've had. But - and this comes from the bottom of my heart - fuck you and fuck what you've become. That's all.
Did so myself!
Don't delete your account.  Instead, overwhelm them with GDPR requests.
[I've spent hundreds of dollars over my 15+ years interacting with Blizzard, but you'll never get another nickel of my money or another second of me engaging with your products.](https://imgur.com/a/k45ZPzK)

Liberate Hong Kong, and fuck your disgusting company for putting financial gain over the freedom of millions.
So my wife asked me to \*not\* deactivate my account, as i originally intended, because she thinks we'll probably get the chance to play some games, from there, together, in the future (we play D3, SC:BW and SC2 together). BUT, since this cannot be left as it is, we both uninstalled all Blizzard games, together with the Blizzard app. Also, a good friend of mine, who  has invested \*a lot\* of money into Hearthstone, did the same (and also promised me to never invest a dime into their games, for as long as he lives). It hurt all of us to depart from these games but human rights outweigh any fucking game on this planet.
Just deleted overwatch! Go to China where you belong!
I was loving the solo adventures. Was just about to purchase the last wing to play tonight, deleted the app instead. EVERY VOICE MATTERS? Shame on you blizzard. Shame
Is there any way to do this without having to give them a copy of my photo ID?
[removed]
Same, fuck em
Thank you for this! Will not be renewing my wow sub.
[removed]
[removed]
 https://i.imgur.com/rqkfTMs.jpg
Updated 11 hours ago.

&#x200B;

Huh, rather curious timing.
Canceled my sub!
I'm actually doing this. Thank you for the link friend. Fuck this company.
Done, canceled. Sad to see it go I really enjoyed HS and WoW but I cannot support this
Cancelled my wow sub but will not let me remove my account and data.  
I've tried e-mail code, sms code and secret question. All answered correctly and got a denied too many attempts message everytime.  
Very fishy, anyone else having this issue?
There’s a reason there are rules. You guys deleting your accounts/unsubbing are ridiculous and a tiny minority. As much as I support Hong Kong protests, THERE IS A STRICT RULE DISALLOWING INVOLVEMENT WITH SUCH THINGS FOR TOURNAMENT PLAYERS. I’m sorry you all think this rule shouldn’t apply to someone, but get the hell over yourself and grow the hell up. 

If you want things to change, try and change them. Don’t break the rule then expect change after. Just because it could change in the future, doesn’t mean it doesn’t apply now. As of right this very second, he has broken tournament rules. It might be a stupid rule, but it’s one and he couldn’t follow it. He doesn’t deserve to be in the tournament. Maybe next time he’ll grow up along with the rest of Reddit (lol never happening).
Delete it outright don’t be one of those guys doing it for attention and not deleting the account and characters
I'm out of the loop, what has blizzard done this time?

Not sure why I got downvoted for asking what happened, it's not like this is the first time blizzard has pissed people off.
Deleted account!!
FYI, the blizzard SMS protect method of verification no longer works even if you put in the correct code and locks you out for "too many attempts" after the first one.

EDIT: and even if you do [you get this](https://i.imgur.com/761ljiP.png). I still got an email saying they recieved the request, so I am gonna assume it worked and check again in a week.
Figured you could just talk about Winnie the Pooh and Tiananmen Square, and it would go away overnight.
This level of irony would be funny if it was a skit, not so much irl
Done
I am trying to delete my account but the b@stards won't let me! I tried the code authenticator but they're telling me "Due to too many attempts, Authenticator Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification." instead they want my Photo ID?! ARE THEY NUTS?!!!!
done!
Can't do it, it just tells me I have done "too many attempts" on both SMS and authenticator even though this is the first time today I am using either to login. The third option is to give a government issued photo ID but I didn't even give them my real name so I am 100% sure they are just going to say it's not me or some bullshit. Fuck Blizzard.

&#x200B;

edit: Can't even send a ticket because I need authentication for that so seriously, fuck Blizzard.
About to cancel my WoW sub. Sucks because I was really getting back into it
[deleted]
This should be stickied.
I cant even message them on Facebook. Auto banned
I'm trying to delete but 2FA don't let me. I got `Due to too many attempts, SMS Protect Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification.`on the first try and all following one. Guess I will have to send a photo.
Now, I'm not deleting Blizzard because I love overwatch, but I sure as hell not buying anything from them again,
Just canceled my wow subscription
Done. Just disappointed they did not ask for a reason anywhere in the form.
isn't even working. "too many attempts"-related message on the first attempt, for each confirmation method. definitely not sending a picture of my id.
Well, guess I finally have time to read the Silmarillion (I probably spelled it wrong)
Blizzard better start sucking chinas dick even harder because im done.

DONE.

Launcher uninstalled, wow sub canceled.

I hope the china money was worth it.

Its needs to be now.
Time for us to put our money where our mouths are.

https://imgur.com/wth1QIv
Thank you cancelled mine
Cancelled my account.
Doing this tonight. Fuck you Blizzard.
Account deletion pending after 15 years of playing. Fuck blizzard.
The two existing options don't seem to work at all.
OP, post this on /r/YouShouldKnow
Thanks!
Interesting. While its nice to have a way to completely scrub an account, that seems like an obvious way for a malicious hacker to fuck with someone whose account they've hacked by scrubbing the account without any way to ever recover it. Since all it takes is logging into the account, going to that page, and clicking 3 buttons.
I'm gonna go and give away all my gold to my friends / guildies / random newbies in Classic first and help my guild out till my sub runs out. Then doing this.
This *really* hurt to do. So many games I love. But if they won’t take a stand for *this* then they don’t stand for anything. I guess I have to.
I didnt have a current sub but uninstalled everything even the Bnet launcher and will be deleting my account as soon as it lets me. I think they have it shut off currently as it told me i couldn't use my authenticator or sms protect as verification methods.

I am a OG Blizzard fan. All the way back to Warcraft 1/2. Always looked forward to Blizzcon announcements and how Blizzard was going to revolutionize gaming. Blizzards decline for the last 12 years has been real but i could put up with it now and again. This move putting China above all else is the straw that breaks the camels back for me completely. Never again shall i give Blizzard or Activision any money. My fears of Bobby "greedy dickhead" Kotick killing Blizzard has finally happened. I'm surprised it didn't happen sooner to be honest.

The funny part is if Blizzard had done nothing at all and just let the kids have his five minutes of fame people would have given Blizzard cheers instead of all the hate they are now getting.
My subscription is about to expire. I'ma just let it.
Deleted my account. Pity, I'd been playing a lot of OW recently, but fuck these guys.
Thanks, I haven't touched any blizz games in awhile, got bored of Overwatch and HOTS is dead from the region I'm in. Might as well delete my account anyway
Done!
This should be stickied.
Deleted my account.
Blizzard. Uninstalled.
I had considered deleting my account, but I really want a complete a refund of all my purchases whichis unlikely.  I will continue to not play their games though.
They gone!  Appeasing fucks.  Been playing Blizzard games since Warcraft 2, 20+ years.  Never again
动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
I haven't spent a ton of time or money on Blizzard games like some of y'all, mostly just some Hearthstone a while ago. But I always figured I'd come back to Hearthstone eventually, or try out WoW or something else they have on offer. Not now; I'll continue spending my time and money elsewhere, and deleting my account helps ensure that.
Put your wallet where your mouth is at and Cancel your blizz con ticket. 

And if they won’t refund contact your credit company and tell them for “unforeseen circumstances you need to cancel it” and make the credit card company flood them with request. 

Your life will move on with no blizzcon for a year
Canceled my wow subscription too. It's the right thing to do, besides gives me a chance to go through my backlog.
"Due to too many attempts, SMS Protect Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification." I keep getting this message even thought I tried it twice.
They are making you submit photo I'd to cancel now.

They used to let you do a text verification, but now they are putting up roadblocks.

Fuck blizzard.
Canceled wow sub and refunded wc3 preorder.
I've kept my WoW sub active for almost 12 years now. Unfortunately it has come to an end. It hurts but i cant support a company that supports chinese censorship.
Blizzard want me to provide photo id to cancel my account, nice try China!
When we delete our blizzard account, we transform from "one who has no life" to "one who has life IRL"
Deleting mine tonight. I was already sick of Overwatch with the godawful role queue but this seals the deal. No love for a commie loving company. Get fucked and enjoy that Chinese money you fucks. 

People: Go play DOTA 2, Destiny 2, Risk of rain 2. 

MANY other great games.
canceled
No way in fuck am I sending them my government ID to disable my account. I'll go through whatever legal channel I have to.

I submitted a picture of me logged in. If this is enough info to protect my games, it should be enough info to remove my account.

Games are not so serious to need the same level of authentication as a passport.
Thank you! Fuck off blizzard
Yeah, Canceled Sub and Deleted all games. DON'T FORGET TO CANCEL IF YOU PREORDERED Warcraft Remastered!!!!
Give them a photo id? No way. 

I'll just smash my authenticator with a hammer and call it good.
I just canceled my WoW subscription. It's a bummer, since I still enjoy the game. Oh well, hopefully Blizzard gets the message.
It asked for a picture of a photo ID, so I blacked out every piece of information except the stuff they already have (name, DOB, billing address). [Hopefully that'll work](https://imgur.com/adz9ZoK), I'll update if it does.

EDIT: [Denied!](https://imgur.com/smj1Usy) They want an unedited photo. Maybe they didn't like how I included "Liberate Honk Kong, revolution of our age" on the photo. Whoops. 🖕

EDIT #2: Uploading an unedited ID photo [seems to have worked](https://imgur.com/Tb4pDyt). Sucks that they needed to see my face, driver's licence class, and eye color to verify my account, even though that information has nothing to do with my Blizzard account, but whatever.
[deleted]
Could one, hypothetically, turn this link into a QR code to print onto signs or a shirt to wear to Blizzcon?
Asking for a government id to delete an account? GTFO.. I'm going to hand over my ID to a company shown to bow to China? Yeah... right.
Done and done, thank you champ.
Overwatch is my release after a long day at work.. And I am quite confident that no one is a better Hanzo than me.  

But I hate China with a passion and really want to help the Tibetans, Uighurs, and Hong Kongers.  This is so painful.
Deleted my account. Been on bnet since Diablo 2. You'll never see another dime, Blizzard.
Cancelled my WoW subscription and did a total recall on my credit card where I bought packs with a buddy a few days ago. Left them "Go fuck yourself." as a reason, I think they know why.
There goes what was in my youth the greatest game company...  They went from supporting small communities to licking Chinese boots and suppressing free speech.

Deleted my account, and am urging all friends to do the same.
All I see are a bunch of idiots thinking it would make a difference why would china even give a damn if blizzard supported them you guys have fun not playing wow while I have fun doing the opposite
I’m not ready to part yet. I’d be bawling if I said goodbye now... point is, for anyone like me we can still unsubscribe and will keep the memories of a better time under a better company in mind :/
Pretty sketchy that despite having the authenticator option or sms text option for verification they immediately fail those attempts and force you to upload your ID.
I did it earlier today but they rejected my request. They wanted photo ID as proof of who I was. I sent them a photo of my drivers license but I blacked out my license ID number (I don’t trust them with that info). They said...

> The identification document you submitted along with the request was illegible

Which is BS. Anyone else have any advice?
Not sure how long it took you all, but I'm currently waiting on a reply to my request/ticket. Here's hoping that means there are significant amounts of deactivation going on.
INVOKE ARTICLE 2659
What's funny is the Chinese stole mine years ago.
From the lost vikings onwards, I've liked blizard, the ups and down, the hits and misses. No more. Account deleted. this company is dead to me now.
I'm all cancelled up. Was really enjoying classic too...
Cancelled my subscription I have had since TBC.
I just got stuck deleting my account.  It sent me the same SMS verification code 3x in a row, each time saying that the code is no longer valid (probably being hugged to death by account deletions I hope) and the only alternative is for me to send a picture of my photo ID, Oh hell No.  Sent them a Xi/Pooh pic instead, so we'll see how this goes.  My ticket is submitted at least.
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
Can't cancel, all options saying "tried too many times" when I only did each once. Have they canceled the cancel?
Thank you! I have a FEW accounts to delete from my WoW days.
Updated: 13 Hours ago.

Hmm
Cancelled WoW suscription!
Cancelled my subs. Left a scathing comment, probably won't be read.
This is painful. Wow classic helped bring me out of a dark place and now it's ruined :(
blizzard is stopping me from deleting my account with them, claiming i made too many attempts even though it was my first attempt.
I was about to buy a subscription for wow classic. Not anymore. Good timing I guess?
Done
[These cobbas made me upload government issued ID for this shit, smh.](https://imgur.com/a/G7senRL) Shame to think I paid 80 odd dollars for Overwatch to see this happen.
But can I still play on /r/slashdiablo since I’m using a pirated version on private servers? I’m gonna delete my wow account. Anyone want a free 100G?
The first Blizzard game I played was the original Warcraft many years ago on a 486. I’ve been along for the ride and bought every single game since up until Overwatch. 

I logged countless hours in WoW, Diablo 3, and who knows how many over all their games. I figure probably around 1000 or so in Starcraft back in the 90’s. I go way back and have given them a lot of money over the decades. 

Not anymore, I requested the anonymization of my account and gladly forfeit my purchase history as I’m completely done. 

Blizzard acquiescing to a nation that commits some of the most heinous human rights violations of our time is something I have to acknowledge by severing all ties. There’s lots of great memories playing with friends and family ingame on Blizzard games over the years, and it’s sad to watch their corporate governance place their business concerns in this way so as to violate my own core tenets and values to such a degree. 

This isn’t exaggeration, this is all the raw truth of it. Blizzard has appeased a truly terrible regime and it’s giving me great pause to consider more intently as to everything I buy and where it comes from. If it says “made in China” I will just have to find a way to live without it, whatever it is from iPhones, tv’s, toasters, to clothing or even software. 

Tencent and NetEase investments into my favorite studios and companies will probably kill my passion for gaming entirely. 

This whole thing just sucks.
Guys, stop overloading the system, its taken over 20min so far for them to send me a email verification code so I can delete my account.
Done!
Glad this finally stayed up.
Email sent. 15 years of playing WoW. Bye  


Now to sell all my Blizzard crap to some commie sympathizer.
Thank you. Deleted it.
Just tried this got denied on all three options.
Yup, been playing hearthstone for a while and although it sucks to lose 5 years of progress, I don't want anything to do with Blizzard and will find a new card game for 2020 and beyond. Just submitted my support ticket to delete my account.
I am having my lawyer draft a letter demanding closure of account AND deletion of ALL my data, citing local state law that overrides their ToS and privacy policy on what they may keep! :) feel this will be a better message than just a support ticker closure!
I haven't played in years, but I was debating starting up again to play wow classic with my daughter.  Thank you Blizzard!
Sold my stocks and unsubscribed.
Question: Already transferred my Destiny 2 account, am I free to delete now?
Fuck blizzard.
I don't have my real name or information linked to my blizzard account and now i'm lost as to how I can delete it.
Yea that'll show em lol
Give me your account.
Thank you for this.

I waited for years for Classic Wow to return. I was having such a blast playing it, making new friends, and re-experiencing old memories.

Like I said in the Classic Wow sub, it is insane to me that a games company with stories about standing up against evil and fighting for justice would so easily bend the knee to an evil murderous tyrannical regime. 

There is another theme within Blizzard games though: redemption. While Blizzard is like this now, perhaps they will correct their ways. I have cancelled my WoW sub, unisnstalled HotS and Hearthstone and remove the launcher, but perhaps, just perhaps, one day they will become an ethical company again. I will hold onto hope and my account until then.
https://imgur.com/a/PJ8TcPL

This is what's happening right now when trying to deactivate.

It asks for a code sent via SMS.  Entered code once, correctly.  This is the first error.  Retrying several times gives the same SMS code over and over, with the same error every time.

Trying to get around it by submitting a support ticket takes you in a circle back to the start, asking for SMS validation, which doesn't work.

Seems like the only chance to delete is by sending photo ID, which I've never given to Blizzard before and don't really want to.  Especially now?

Convenient time for things to stop working.  Seems like they're making it as hard as they can for you to drop them in hopes you'll forget about it.
Aaaaaaand canceled.

I was enjoying classic. It's a shame.
Cancelling tonight. I've actually been loving Classic, so this hurts. But it's at least something I can do.
I don’t have an account with Blizzard nor do I play their games but I am reading through the amount of people who are deactivating their accounts and I just want to say how proud I am of everyone and how much this huge amount of support for Hong Kong. It is heart warming.
I made an account just so I can cancel it. Take that Blizzard!
Cancelled my sub as well
so is everyone going to take it all the way then? cancel Google, Apple, and stay away from Microsoft products? in many ways they do far worse than blizzard by giving China the tools to censor and control.
Subscription canceled
Deleted my account. Never giving them a cent, ever again.
Deleted my account! Proud to disassociate myself with a company that censors free speech!
Attempted to delete my account. On the first attempt, both by Authenticator and by SMS, I was told:

>Due to too many attempts, Authenticator/SMS Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification.
I also cancelled my wow subscription and left a very angry reason why I am unsubscribing.
SMS and authenticator verification are currently disabled for deleting your account. You have to submit a photo ID. Talked to someone in support and they sounded like they were having a very bad day.

If you do call, don't take it out on the support team. They're just as demoralized as anyone else. It's not their fault.
I tried to delete my account (only use it for Diablo3) and they won't let me authenticate with SMS after 2 uses. So I changed all the information I could to Free Hong Kong. I never had any active subscriptions with them, and I certain am not going to start now.


I cannot wait for a verified blizzard employee posts on reddit to explain their position and it gets down voted more than that one EA post.
WHAT THE SHIT IS THIS?

I HAVE TO SEND THEM A COPY OF MY GOVERNMENT ID TO GET THEM TO DELETE MY ACCOUNT???

I AM NOT GIVING YOU ANYMORE FUCKING INFORMATION BLIZZARD, GET SUED!!!!
r/circlejerk
[Already done.](https://i.imgur.com/XbwBEEC.jpg)
Thank you! Just filed the request!
Just deleted my account
Ok so I tried this, and the only way they could "verify" that I actually want to delete the account is by giving them my government issued ID.  
Problem is: I've never given them that before. And I'm sure as hell not gonna now.   
Is anyone else having this issue?
Canceling wow, never buying another blizzard game again.
play on private server, BC and WOTLK are better anyway and you won't be giving moneys to china
just so you all know, some hundreds of you not giving them money anymore won't cancel out the millions of chinese people that constantly give them money

it's like ur surprised a video game giant caters to the most profitable country in the world and that you expect them not to
Wish i could sign up just to delete it
Wtf? They want my government id to delete the account?? FUCK THAT.
Blizzard is not letting me delete my account. It says "Due to too many attempts, Email Code has been locked" so I can't verify my ticket despite it was my first attempt. I made sure it was not my adblock, firewall or antivirus. Seems like too many epic gamers are deleting their accounts at the same time, more like "Due to popular demand, Blizzard is now trying to cut loss" and I ain't gonna give them my damn ID for verification. 

Screen capture for those who are interested: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RiO1VV88Bh-IIYJs5uj0WdSjOT\_k-Uxs/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RiO1VV88Bh-IIYJs5uj0WdSjOT_k-Uxs/view?usp=sharing)
So are people really deleting their accounts?
awesome

I'd love to see analytics on how many are doing this. I jumped on SC II and everygame started "GLHF" then "LIBERATE HONG KONG"
only game I play from them is overwatch. deleting my account wont send a message because they already got my money. I have been tired of the game tho...so ill throw matches instead.
why is it asking for a photo of my id?
Site won't let me delete my data. Requires a photo id (which is shady as hell in this situation) but the choose image file button doesn't do anything.
I will never be purchasing another blizzard game.
I never played any blizzard game. But I fuckin commend all of you for canceling and sticking it to Blizzard. FUCK this, that, AND China! Anyway I can help lmk.
At first I was like: "haha, funny joke, many people wont actually delete their account".

But then I started thinking... what if I delete mine? For several years I have almost felt like my own nostalgia prisoner, where occasionally I boot up WoW/Diablo 3, play a while and then play other games. Especially WoW.

I'm not actually getting that much of enjoyment from *playing* the game, but I really really enjoy what artist have done with it - music, asthetics, lore (some parts of it).

If I delete my account I won't actually be losing anything major, just a lot of cosmetic rewards and some mounts. But they don't really have value, they are just collectibles.

If I delete my account I will actually be free of this Blizzard's hold over my nostalgia, which is actually never coming back, only constantly trying to relive the "good old days" without actually doing it.
Posting my deletion notice to this sub now.
Done
How to delete chinese account
Just cancelled my 500+ hr WOW account. No regrets! Goodbye jerks!
Many years of World of Warcraft Subscriptions, a retail purchase of every single game and expansion they have ever released, three in the case of Starcraft and Brood War, two in the case of Warcraft III, and of course many in-game purchases in World of Warcraft and Hearthstone.

This is the kind of customer Blizzard has lost today, and I really hope some high profile streamers will do the right thing and many more follow. This needs to impact their bottom line irreparably.

"Hitler was an amazing man taken before his time and we hope someone continues his great work." -Blizzard if they were around at the time.

Fuck this company.

光復香港 時代革命
3 hours ago they updated it so now you have to issue a request AND possibly send a government issued photo ID, jesus blizzard
Is anyone else getting a "Denied" message when trying to delete now? I was busy today and just had time now.
Deleted all the games, will remove launcher too:  [https://i.imgur.com/4D0DFzA.gifv](https://i.imgur.com/4D0DFzA.gifv)
thanks, did this
just cancelled my subscription
I have just had my account for 1 month, started with wow classic. But I did what I could and removed my account. Fuck Blizzard
I've been playing wow for 9 years, I'm cancelling my subscription and deleting my accounts. Will never give blizzard another cent.
If you are boycotting Blizzard boycott Activision aswell. They are the same company.
Done. With Destiny 2 already having moved to Steam, giving up the other games was an easier choice.
Deleted whole Activision account. Fuck em
Last night my ONLY option to delete my account was to ..SuBmIt GoVerNmEnT IsSuED ID toVerIfY My IDenTiTY...so i started openeing a bunch of tickets with gay porn with Kotick and Winnie Poh faces on the..protagonists and at some point the email option popped up on the site..soo there you go, if you cant see the option to delete your account WITHOUT UPLOADING YOUR FRICKEN ID..just spam them with gay porn  :D
I might not be a big number in the bigger Scale of things since i only play overwatch but im unistalling battlenet. After a year of playing ow daily. This ends now. That was wrong of Blizzard. I was gonna buy the virtual ticket but no. They had to do it. You aint gonna get my 40€.
I've really enjoyed playing classic so far but having games companies kowtow to authoritarian regimes is where I step way out.
"You may be required to submit a government issue photo ID."
Thanks. Currently waiting if I can get a refund for a game.   
Favourited for after the confirmation of the support.   


I started WoW early before Burning Crusade and I used to love Blizz and their games. Even to  the point beyond reason. But enough is enough.
Done! >:-(
Thank you. Glad to see so many proud Americans :)
Thank you for this!
ok you guys all delete your accounts i'll stay behind and fight them from the inside
As stupid as this whole situation is on blizzard side, it’s sad when you realise every single company would have probably done the same thing.
Is anyone else getting a message that says, "Due to too many attempts, SMS Protect Code[or any other form of verification] has been locked. Please try another method for verification." I tried all four methods of verification and get the same message.
Was just about to sign up for a WoW classic account then heard about this whole situation. Yea I think Jagex is keeping my money
FUCK BLIZZARD
[fuck blizzard, I'm gone] (http://imgur.com/gallery/rRaeuNg)
[Submitted. Fuck Blizzard, freedom for others over entertainment.](https://i.imgur.com/WEcc3bc.jpg)
I love how they ask to attach a photo ID when you want to delete it.

"Hey I want to delete my personal info"

"Sure, send us your personal info"

And it's the only way to prove you're the accounts owner.

Welp, just left my name and surname unblurred, they can choke on them.

EDIT: To be honest, feels kind of sad after hours and hours in WoW, preordered Warcraft 3, D3, Starcraft.. On the other hand, makes me kind of happy.
Just uninstalled all Blizzard related games until further notice of a reversal of this disgust.
FUCK FINEEE

RIP 5000 armor druid....

**clicks uninstall**
While attempting to delete my account I was somehow DENIED when I tried Authenticator App authentication, SMS authentication, Email authentication and Secret Question authentication.  SMH.

So I had to submit a picture of my ID.
I 'lose connection' immediately after submitting a picture of my ID. But I'll keep trying. 👍Fuck Blizzard👍
Done, thanks. Not played recently but did a few years ago and would have come back for interesting expansions/games. But not anymore, completely boycotting these guys.

Shame on Blizzard.
Aight ima head out
I’m trying to delete my account but when they want to verify my identity by sending an email code they keep denying it, what the hell is going on?!!!
Glad D2 got the hell out of there so I can keep supporting them (for now).  
I've been playing blizzard games for YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEARS on multiple systems through multiple expansions and more.   
And I'm done.  
I'm not supporting a company that is against the very people who made them what they are.  
Companies like Blizzard and Epic are so full of themselves that they don't feel any pressure when their community disagree's with what they do. Well, you just lost a ton of customers who've been with you for varying amounts of time, and I am now one of them.   
No wonder Bungie was popping champagn when they got away from you people.  
(Side note, I've never been apart of the blizzard reddit until I heard about this, read through everything, and just wanted to add to the list of people leaving.)  
The last few years have been a complete DUMPSTER FIRE for you guys, and you just keep adding to it.  
It's like someone inside the company wants you to fail.
I've bought and played every single Blizzard game since the original Diablo.  Blizzard always had a special place in my heart, and I've made countless friends during those times.  When I go home tonight, I'll be logging in this one last time to bid farewell to my friends and then to uninstall everything.  Goodbye Blizzard, I wish you hadn't become what you are.
I see some people posting about Blizzard refusing to delete their account, and the steps they can take to force the company to comply with deletion requests if they live in the EU. I live in Canada and have requested that my account be permanently deleted. What options do I have if they refuse to do so?
Seems right  so I deleted my sister account
I had literally been wanting to experience classic for 15 years. I almost had my first character to 60. Though now I must end my sub. Really sad about this one.
Thank you OP!
Tried to delete my account. Uploaded ID. Got email saying "We have received your *data protection request*." Is that the same as closing the account? They seem to be making it as awkward as possible.
Why do I need a photo ID? I'm not comfortable giving them a copy of my South African ID.
I took Overwatch off of my PS4. Was also planning to get it for Switch, which isn’t gonna happen now.
Doing it this evening after i come home from work. No more money for you Bobby.
Thanks, friend. They required a photo ID for my cancelation so I took liberty to write something that china wouldn't enjoy.
I have to upload a picture of my government issued ID to delete my account!!??

[What in the fuck?](https://i.imgur.com/Cd78Wsb.png)
Done.
[It is done.](https://i.redd.it/f66yac1tohr31.png)

Thousands of hours in WoW.

Hundreds of hours in HotS and Overwatch.

No regrets.
The site says to upload a picture of your government issued ID to go through with the request. 

DON'T DO THIS!

They don't need to know what you look like to know you're you. Black out ALL information that they don't already have. Including your face.
Now I just have to wait for the confirmation. Then I can happily destroy this authenticator

Thanks for this
https://i.imgur.com/a0sp2fm.png

it's been a blast
I cant delete my account wihtout uploading a photo of my ID, not gonna happen. 

&#x200B;

Literally r/assholedesign
Thank you for this. Deleted. Will not be coming back.
Overwatch stopped being fun about 2 months in, HS has been pay to win shit since the beginning. HOTS tried, is all I can say. Diablo's future is in mobile. Starcraft..huh..

And lastly, WoW in 2019 LOL
Blizzard asks for a photo of my ID to delete my account, not gonna give them my ID though. Any other way?
Currently waiting in the support chat
Yea I'm not deleting my account. I only play OW on occasion, but, yea.
You guys are all making me so proud. I kind of want to cry. I don’t have anything to do with Hong Kong or Blizzards games but this kind of community togetherness is so incredible.
I loved wow classic, but I love democracy and basic human rights more. Sorry Blizzard, but I guess the yuan beats out the dollar since you'll get no more of my money until your values align with mine again.
Aww man, I was really looking forward to WCIII Reforged. Damn shame.
I think only 1% of the players have the balls to actually delete their accounts. I don’t fucking care about Blizzard’s opinion on political matters. I just wanna play my games.
You all need to get rid of your apple phones too and stop watching the NBA and probably toss out a buncha other shit you have related to China.
Hit them where it hurts folks. If you pre-ordered modern warfare, cancel that shit. Don’t let Blizzard/Activision get away with this absolutely garbage behavior.
Jesus
Need help,mine keeps getting denied. i tried sms and authenticator but still denied?
So glad destiny moved to steam last week
As some else mentioned request all your data first. At least in EU we can request via GDPR and make tons of work for them. If they can't supply in time (1 month) they may get fined.
This controversy has got me so angry I'm going to quit HotS a month ago (HotS is the only Blizzard game I still played up till moving to new country. Good fucking riddance.)
Damn, I've consistently enjoyed daily games of Overwatch for a year or two and feel like I could go for several more years.  But haha fuck Blizzard, I dont need overwatch that bad
Been a few decades and some good times but Blizzard and I are done.
Done :)
my brother had finally convinced me to try wow classic

then this shit happened, and he's convinced me to NOT try wow classic

I mean I didn't need his convincing, but damn
If I try to delete my account they keep sending me the same invalid confirmation number via SMS wtf
Yay :D
It hurt. Canceled the wow subscription, deleted hots and hearthstone, diablo and sc. Some of my favorite games of all time were made by Blizzard. But I cannot support a company that so blatantly gives the middle finger to people fighting and dying for freedom. Fuck Blizzard and Fuck China
Requires photo id?!?
Deleted my account.  Never going back to WoW again.  I was looking forward to Diablo 4 if that ever was going to happen.  Not anymore, never again
Just deleted my WoW account.
> Due to too many attempts, SMS Protect Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification. 

This is the "error" that I get no matter what method of authentication I try. I received this from my my very first try using the authenticator method. Looks like the only way that might work is submitting a photo ID as a ticket...

Kind of counter productive when the goal is to have them erase all of your personal information and there is absolutely no reason ALL of the default verification methods are magically not working.

Appears to be a clear attempt at stifling the deluge of people wanting to support free speech and democracy. Essentially there doubling down on there support of China with this move.
I also cancelled my wow sub and made sure they knew why I did it. Freedom is more important than me playing a game lol.
Trying to delete, getting an error with text validation... Anyone else?
Well I did it. Goodbye blizzard, I can safely say now that I won't be missing you. Ahhhh steam my old friend... It's been way too long.
Is anyone else getting a "too many attempts please come back later" error message when verifying your identity to delete your account?
It seems they are forcing for a ID now, cause i can't use authenticator to start the ticket.
Sadly I dont have a vehicle in this fight, I quit blizzard at d3 launch. Stick it to them guys.
[deleted]
Deleted
Bye bye actiblizz! can I also get a chargeback on 10 years worth of hobby time I spent? No? Oh well.
[deleted]
I’ve spent hundreds on Overwatch because I thought that Blizzard was an organization that I could stand beside. They seemed like they really stood by the community as well. But I have come to realize that they are just as greedy and shallow as any other corporation and am deleting my account. I’ll never spend another dollar on any of their games until they change their priorities.
Done here as well!
So I’m trying to delete my account but it’s asking me to verify with my ID. Anyone else have to do this? Just seems a bit strange they are requesting a picture of my ID to delete it. Maybe I’m doing it wrong not sure, but I’m certainly not going to show my ID. Any help? Deleting account via phone btw.
I grew up with Blizzard. My gaming life started with Lost vikings Diablo and Warcraft Orcs and Humans as a kid. Too see Blizzard "with" western ideals of freedom of speech go down the road holding hands with a dictatorship that is trying to censor the world, it's heartbreking.

I have now canceled my subscriptions and won't speak a good word about Blizzard untill they change their ways.
I quit playing blizzard games almost 1 year ago due to BFA/Blizzcon being garbage. Im glad to see I made the right choice. Their actions are unforgivable.
Thanks, hate to do this but I’ll going to today
Anyone else having an issue of not being able to delete? The security code I'm receiving through email is being immediately denied.
Don't have a subscription but I bought at least 1000$ of hearthstone cards. Closing my account to send a message that I won't be buying anything anymore.
Full delete request sent.

Byebye sc2, diablo3 and overwatch.
Not prepared to submit my ID to finalize the account closure. Hoping a picture of Xi Jinping will do the job.

I wonder if there's a limit on how many times I can submit a deletion request in this manner.
We should take China government out back and put em down
Glad that I wasn't over reacting when I cancelled my subscription and deleted all the Blizzard stuff on my computer.
Won't let me verify my account. Tried SMS protect code once, "Due to too many attempts, Authenticator Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification." Tried authenticator code, "Due to too many attempts, Authenticator Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification."
blizzard rn be like "we'll win them back with a titty streamer on twitch poaching our next big thing" or just give a freebie month or something else and you'll all go crawling back. games weren't even good to begin with, blizzcon will still sell out and you'll all eat the poopoo
They denied both of my authenticators even though they were exactly right. Wtf blizzard
When you're uninstalling their phone apps, remember to give 1/5 stars while at it.
Unsubbed
#If you or anyone your know plans on deleting their account, don't just delete your account! You can request your Data from Blizzard and if they dont follow trhough within 30 days they have to pay hefty fines inside the EU. If everyone does this, they might have such an enormous backlog and will have to pay up. More details here: https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfcncg/dont_just_delete_your_account_you_can_request/
Done. I haven't played WoW in a while, don't care for Overwatch anymore and never got into other Blizz games. There goes Chavelo and Alita into the nether, my Beastmaster Hunter and his spirit kitty.

They would agree that this is pretty fucking shitty to do in part of Blizzard.
Done. Thanks for the link.
Lots of people leaving emans less likely I will be ganked in STV. Can't say I will mind.
Just tried to delete my account and got a "too many failed attempts" on both sms and email verification codes. Attempted once only on each method. Shady af. I am not giving them personal info, but I did delete all the games and the battlenet app.
Show your support for the freedom of China
I deleted my account. I finally stood up for something and damn it feels good
someone help it says "submit ticket with image ID" and then it wants some picture and without it i cant delete my acc?
They are asking for an ID to delete the account and related data, pretty sure that's illegal here in the EU.
 [https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/09/world/asia/blizzard-hearthstone-hong-kong.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/09/world/asia/blizzard-hearthstone-hong-kong.html) 

&#x200B;

This article shows Mark Kern who helped develop WoW, with his explanation, while canceling his subscription to the game.
Just finished deleting my account as well. The invisible hand in our economy does not function if consumers dont stand for the values they expect their companies to abide by. Just because it isnt illegal, doesnt make it permissible.
I got to the step where I had to send an image of my ID, got confirmation that it was received, and have not heard anything since.  That was like 2 hours ago, anybody know how long it usually takes?
Blizzard has cancelled the ability to delete your account because they are seeing how many people disagree with their policies.  Just tried to delete mine, despite what I did. Wouldn't let me.
Update: I just got a response to my "Data Protection Request" to have my account and information deleted. For those that don't know they will automatically fail your attempts at using SMS Text or the Authenticator verification to submit leaving you with the only option of uploading your ID. I did so but redacted my DL # and other information not used in creating my account, so they had my name, address, photo of my ID...DENIED. Claimed it was illegible which is BS
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/fuckblizzard] [How to delete Blizzard account](https://www.reddit.com/r/FuckBlizzard/comments/dfmx9m/how_to_delete_blizzard_account/)

- [/r/hongkong] [This might be helpful](https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/df83ej/this_might_be_helpful/)

&nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
I honestly even forgot that I had a account in the first place, might as well make it where I don't have one.
Ive been trying but it says that there was too many failed attempts to delete my account even though I only tried once for both the secret code and the question.
Done. Just deleted my account... Or asked them to delete it any way. Hope I get a reply soon.
Thank you, just deleted my account
Yeah not letting me delete account, says sms code is denied, even though it's accurate, locks down sms protect, send email code, says it's denied, even though it's accurate. Try contact support, send email code, says it's denied, even though it's accurate.

Joke of a company...
Not letting me delete account. SMS is blocked, no code from authenticator. Spent over 1k in HS, but I will never play Blizzard again.
Tried to delete it, followed the thing to do the sms security and it then denied it saying i had too many attempts. Now support refuses to answer me. The only other option is to send a picture of my driver's license over the internet to some random person. What the fuck?
I don't feel comfortable sending them a picture of my ID at all, is there a way around that?
Unsubbed from classic. :(
I'm out.  I'll monitor the situation but I don't see anything changing.  If it does and Blizzard decides to unbend the knee to Communists for the sake of their bottom line, then I'll reconsider.
Do I have to use a Gov ID to delete my account or is there a different way?
They require my government issued ID to delete my account? That's fucking BULLSHIT! So they can turn around and sell it to their buddies in China?
Blizzard is asking me for my government ID to delete my account. What the F
I cant delete my account without photo id  
WTF!!!
I bought Warcraft 1 when it came out, on a 486.  Naturally, I also had all the Warcrafts including WOW, Starcraft and Diablo as well.  I've been a Blizzard fan for many many many years.  I just deleted both of my accounts.
i wanna delete my account but i paid like $50 for overwatch when it came out smh
Sent a request to delete my acount. Had to provide an I'd
They will not let me delete my account or my children's accounts without photoID. I have never given them photoID, so it seems odd they need that for comparison?

I tried to log a call, but they will not let me even log a call or contact helpdesk in any way, without photoID.

Has anybody else gotten around this? I am in EU and covered by GDPR, my children are under 16.
https://us.forums.blizzard.com/en/d3/t/mind-closing-my-account-blizzard/3909

asking on the forums is a no go as well. i attempted the email code and secret question methods first which resulted in...

“Due to too many attempts, Email Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification.” and “Due to too many attempts, Secret Question has been locked. Please try another method for verification.”

after the first attempt on each option which left me with the “Click here to create a request. You may be required to submit a government issue photo ID.” option and i'm not about to go that route.

they want the account *that* badly? keep it. i've since uninstalled bnet, and there are private multiplayer servers for a pretty good number of pc games these days. i've no doubt that there are private aka "unofficial" servers for D2 and it's expansion as well.

oh, and shame on the mvp, MissCheetah trying to pull shit like the following on me before closing my first forum post.

MissCheetah: “Too many times people have maliciously tried to wipe accounts of family/exs, etc.”

not my problem and if you require photo ID to verify the ownership of an account you have some serious problems YOU need to deal with as none of that is mine to deal with.

me: “I live in the US where we have freedom of speech as a constitutional right.”

MissCheetah: “Please understand though, it ONLY applies to freedom from the Govt prosecuting you. It does not extend to private entities like homes, workplaces, companies, forums, games.”

good ol’ private company BS.

listen, if you require a person to provide photo ID to close an account then your company has some serious problems that have nothing to do with me which it needs to take care of.

want the account? keep it. you're not getting anything else from me ever again as i am one of those who has embraced the phrase "vote with your wallet" when it comes to video games.

also worth noting is the chinese company Tencent now has a pretty large stake in blizzard if one of sidalpha's recent videos is to be believed. what was it...well, it was something above 35% anyway.

tencent is getting into our video games, our movies (they're the publisher for the newest terminator movie), i wonder where else their power has reached... o_O me thinks china is getting a bit too big for their pants...
Thanks, done.
Canceled my account as well (everything the whole battlenet )
Tried ESO but the game is even more money hungry then wow plus lootboxes system :( game is fun though played 40 hours after all, just wouldnt invest extra money for it
Deleted. Used to play SC2, and WoW way back in the day... what a spineless and ignorant move by Blizzard
So how do I delete it without sending my photoID because that's not happening
Done!
Blizzard wants a photo of my "government ID" to be able to delete my account. Completely unprecedented. Have never had this request from ANY company before. Obviously they are not getting that or any money from me or my friends again.
I just created 6 different tickets for Blizzard support and named them DELETE MY ACCOUNT

Everyone who does not want to send photo of government ID could do this.

And attach appropriate Hong Kong support picture instead of ID etc.
I just submitted to delete my account. So I lost my Hearthstone, Diablo 3 and Overwatch games and purchases? Good.
Seems to be working now, verification code that was sent via SMS was accepted and deletion of account is processing.
tip: Photo-ID is required. I send photo of my passport with face and SS-number covered, and my request was "accepted and is now in processing". Ill update when it completes
so i tried deleting it but methot to verify my identity is an image of my ID... and since i of course never used my real name.... well played
Send GDPR data request, far worse
I went to cancel mine, and it demanded I submit a photo ID. I downloaded and attached goatse. Then I bleached my eyes.
Even I not playing anymore, I had almost all games and feels kind of sad to delete my old wow account, that I played for 10+ years.
But, I simple implicit endorse this kind of totalitarianism.
They updated that page two hours ago. Huh, makes you think.
Requested to remove my account and delete my info.
This post doesn't appear in the "Top" posts, weird
20 year old account with thousands invested deleted.
Thanks!

Kinda feels good thb.
OMG!!! I was trying to figure out how to do this for so long. Thank you!
Three words for you Blizzard. 

Cancelled. 

Unsubscribed.

Deleted.
Not anymore
I canceled my blizzard subs, they won't get anymore of my time or money but I'm also not going to outright delete something that I've spent thousands of dollars on.

Though I feel terrible for saying that.
Done! [https://imgur.com/a/eTCWtP0](https://imgur.com/a/eTCWtP0)
Storm BlizzCon 2019, They Can’t Stop All Of Us
I canceled my wow sub as well.

But just curious does uninstalling the games actually matter? Like is  that something they keep track of or notice in anyway?
Done this morning. Will uninstall all my games later today. Just one more comment for the social media monitors to notice.

Also, I was super looking forwardto Vampire: Bloodlines 2, but turns out ActivisionBlizzard are the publishers,so scratch that. Which is a real shame.
Was so so so looking forward to warcraft 3 reforged. 

Account is deleted now, they'll never get any more of my money for Wow or hearthstone or any other title ever again.
I uploaded a photo of my Australian driver's licence and my request was denied. The support ticket  is marked as "issue resolved" which it clearly isn't. This is very frustrating. They are not letting me delete my account.
Canceled
# Delete Blizzard Account

Updated: 5 hours ago 		    


there's a lot of request made since this page had been updated   


so they state the following   
This will also result in a permanent loss of the following:  

* Purchase history
* Purchased games, codes, promotions, and in-game items
* Game accounts and all game progress
* Communications with Blizzard Customer Support
* Any remaining Blizzard Balance
So is anyone else getting a request for photo ID when you try to cancel your subscription? I'd rather not give Blizzard any more personal info than is necessary, and this seems like a weird request from them considering they didn't need my photo ID to create my account in the first place...
I asked them why I could not delete my account with SMS verifyer and they told me the following
"This has been the requirements since we implemented GDPR features on our system, it was never possible to authenticate ownership with any other method for account deletion requests.

We are happy to comply with a request for deletion, upon receipt of requested identification. Requests without sufficient identification will be declined, as appropriate by GDPR legislation"

I think they are lying cause I saw a post where a guy said they removed the sms verifyer and this lier is saying they never had it?
Done.
Cancelled and deleted everything Blizzard.  The whole company can burn for all I care now. Absolutely disgusted by the whole thing.
Hello everyone,

&#x200B;

I want to delete my Blizzard Account but upon clicking the link for deletion the only method of verification is my real ID. I live in europe and this is not something that can be asked. I read several threads mentioning the same issue and I wrote a ticket about it. I thought this issue was already solved because so many people doing the same before?
I can now delete my account. They removed the ID requirement. Just had  to put in an email code and it was now accepted. So give it a try if  your deletions were being artificially restricted earlier.
thanks for this good post! Just deleted my account
Subscription canceled. Account deleted. Fuck Blizzard.
And...... unsubbed, uninstalled & deleted. 

You don't deserve my $$ Blizzard. 

Shame on you.
Winnie the Pooh, Winnie the Pooh,
Chubby, little cubby all stuffed with fluff.
He's Winnie the Pooh, Winnie the Pooh,
Willy, nilly, silly old bear.
Deleted mine just now. Also won’t be interested to care whatever they release in the future
Done and done!
Blizzard accounts cancelled sell your stock asap
Thanks for the link. Account deleted.
🙏 thank you. Will not be renewing subscription.

As far as im aware my VERY old account died in Honk Kong
I figured [this image](https://proxy.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fi0.kym-cdn.com%2Fphotos%2Fimages%2Foriginal%2F001%2F260%2F123%2F405.png&f=1&nofb=1) would suffice for my ID.

They could honestly be collecting them to send off to China. Who knows.
[deleted]
i tried once and they said "too many attempts try another verification method"

they reaallly trying to keep customers i don't know how to delete my shti im gonna just bitch at fucking support i guess
动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
Just deleted, thanks. Sent a nice F U email too. Felt good
Canceled my wow sub idk this just felt like the breaking point for me with Blizzard as a company.
I'm deleting my blizzard account. Fuck China
20 year old battle.net account deleted.

Goodbye Kait.
Gimme a "Nice." If you deleted your accounts today.
Because that's what real heroes do.
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
#Hijacking your comment to say, if you or anyone your know plans on deleting their account, don't just delete your account! You can request your Data from Blizzard and if they dont follow trhough within 30 days they have to pay hefty fines inside the EU. If everyone does this, they might have such an enormous backlog and will have to pay up. More details here: https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfcncg/dont_just_delete_your_account_you_can_request/
An overwhelming thank you!
me too
thanks
If you have more time (like another 2 months) left on your subscription, do they refund you the money from the next two months? Or are you out the whole payment?
r/blizzardchina
Now delete the account. I'm losing Diablo III, but it's fine.
You went from a hero in game to a hero irl
I know there are a lot of memes and posts going around - but what you did actually made a difference unlike all these karma farming posts. Canceling a wow sub while wanting to play in order to stand for something bigger is commendable. THAT is a tough choice to make. Good on you. I hope more folks follow in your footsteps. I stopped playing wow a while back so i simply uninstalled my client.
Canceled mine today too even though I was stoked about classic WoW for months before they released it and have been really enjoying the hell out of it so far.  Sad day, but my principles matter more than a video game.  I sure hope they feel this backlash where it hurts.  Maybe if enough of us unsubscribe it will speak to them in a language they understand.
Cancelled as well. Sad because I was having a great time with my friends in classic, oh well there are other games.
same here
I just got back into the game and have a great guild and really don’t want to cancel my subscription... but sometimes standing up for something and having morals is more important than a game.  I will be cancelling my subscription as well. Which hurts. I hope blizzard makes this right soon.
Dude, I’m gonna quit playing overwatch totally but that’s nothing cuz I was pretty much over it. You on the other hand, good for you man. I know it sucks but honestly I hope you take greater satisfaction in what you did in solidarity with other people than whatever enjoyment you would have gotten playing a game. You’re a righteous guy and that goes for anyone who stops supporting Blizzard even though they want to play these games still.
When I get home I will be uninstalling all my blizzard games and battle net. I was really bothered by the "you guys don't have phones" attitude but this is the straw that broke the camel's back. I will miss overwatch and starcraft but liberty is way more important to me.
Cancelled mine and sold shares in blizz. Good ol day
Cancelled mine as well as well as left them a message politely explaining that I was permanently boycotting all Blizzard products until an official apology and reversal was made by the company. 

Uninstalling the client and all the games as I type this.
Really was looking forward to finally seeing the Gates of Ahn'Qiraj being opened in real time in Classic, among other cool shit. Finally being able to play the last zones of Classic WoW without skipping over them for a new expansion.

My sub is still good until February but I'm stopping today. Good time to get back to my Switch Backlog. Fuck Blizzard.
Man, my sub renewed yesterday and I was stoked to be playing WoW again but after seeing this today it's definitely time to cancel and not play.
Same
That's how I feel about Classic. Was pumped since the announcement, but hey there's plenty of other MMOs. Or maybe for the first time since the 90s I'll try living without one
Come play Albion online, it’s got a cool classic feel with lots of its own cool mechanics, and it’s free too
/salute
Even if it's just for 1 month it should be enough to send a message. Take a month off and enjoy the extra time/money :D
214?
When I talked to support they wouldn't let me delete it, so instead I'm banned from the forums for a millennium and muted in-game for 36 hours. :(
Time to come over to osrs
Canceled my sub when I got home from work today.  In the reason block I just put " Liberate Hong Kong. Revolution of our age!"
Not a WOW player but was really looking forward to reforged... not anymore. Ill just go ahead and get RDR2 on PC for my winter game now. I got to spend a week in HK a few years ago and had a hotel right near the noonday gun and got to hear the boom every day while there. Beautiful city and great people.
Join us over at /r/ffxiv! We're getting a new patch later this month
I don't play, but I've had my pre-order for Warcraft 3 Reforged cancelled. Was really fucking excited for that. But Fuck Blizzard.
Ditto with unsubbing. Was excited for the new story for this patch but no stories worth what they pulled.
[LOL they took it down](https://i.imgur.com/JqZWq8F.png?1)
The joy of one isn't worth the freedom of 7.392 million, but every sacrifice counts.
Well done!
You made the right decision.
Same here. I was really enjoying BFA so far. But we got to do what we can for what we believe in.
Your sacrifice is not in vain
Joined, deleted my account as well, done... but they don’t care... China is big
You did the right thing.
Check out GW2 or FF14
Man I was so close to hitting 60 in classic. Oh well there's plenty of other games to play. The new FFXIV patch drops in a couple of days. Time to check it out.
Yeah it sucks. I was considering resubbing since 8.3 looked really good. But I might as well not even bother now.
Same. I have really been enjoying Classic since its launch, and was really looking forward to playing more. I'm still hoping Blizzards makes this right, but that is seeming unlikely
Play FFXIV instead
Yeah, just as it was starting to look more interesting to me.

Welp.


I know a lot of people are saying they'll wait to see long term reactions to this, but I won't. It'll all be crocodile tears at the absolute best.

Been a fan since WC2 launched, and I'm out forever now.
Same and I’m enjoying classic, but hey come to archeage with me... comes out October 15th and they don’t censor or trample human rights... that I know of
Same man, same.
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
yeah it hurts, I just started classic like 3 days ago with a friend and it has been a really enjoyable time. Still put into delete my account. I can have fun in another game that doesn't ban players at the request of China.
this is so fucking stupid lol
I don’t see any of your comments with platinum...where did you get it?
I've been loving Classic, and I wish I could keep playing but this is just too much.

Blizzard has been arrogant and condescending to its fanbase for years. I could tolerate that. But this? No, I'm done.
Reddit is not owned by Tencent.
**Let me use the same retarded deduction methods as you people:**   
**YOU** actively use Reddit --- *OOOH YES!*  
**Tencent** is a Chinese government-owned company -- *OH NO BAD GUYS!*  
**Tencent** invested a good amount in Reddit  --- *OH GOD WHY?!*  


Your patronage = Revenue for Tencent = Revenue for the Chinese government = You support the Chinese regime!  


**GOOD JOB! :D - Now will you all stop using Reddit as well? Or conveniently remain active on the site like the hypocrite dumbasses you are?**
Reddit isn't owned by Tencent. They have a stake of something like 5%.
Check out the free trial for FFXIV. It's a pretty fun alternative, the gameplay flow is quite different.
Fuck tencent
they aren’t owned by tencent. while i understand the appeal of a false narrative like that, perpetuating it is dangerous.
I cancelled WoW back in Legion because frankly that game is toxic as fuck anyway, but I was really looking forward to the Warcraft 3 remaster.  Not anymore.  There are always other games to play.
Im glad im a f2p casual hearthstone player. I aint paying any dime
I hope your char was an ally. Good riddance if so.
Come play FF14!!! It’s Japanese based game and they will never cave into China government regime.
just cancelled mine which sucks because I was just starting to enjoy classic
Same boat :(
Blizzard is not worth my time or money.

Human Rights before phat loot. Fuck.
Just play private server instead. A lot of people are moving there ^^
Hold strong man you're doing the right thing. God you are.
Good move
I straight up deleted my characters on classic. Good bye blizzard.
Same here. F blizzard.
Many other games that are a lot better.
Same. I used all 500 characters to lament how far the company has fallen. I said that I was really excited that wow seemed to be turning around. I planned to play wow classic for several months, and Visions of N'Zoth actually looked like content that would excite me back into retail. Given Ion's Wow update, I felt pretty good about Blizzcon and 9.0. I wonder if Ion ever thought his favorite hobby would put him on the side of the Chinese Government when he was number-crunching C'thun in Elitist Jerks.

It is so unfortunate that the dev team keeps getting shit on by the business side, but now it's gone from "predatory micro-transactions I can tolerate" to "full-blown capitulation to oppressive government that feels wrong to support, even indirectly".

They made a matter of consumer disagreement into a civic issue... just for money. And to those who say "yea, that's just corporations", I agree... but when are we going to decide that we aren't ok with that? Will it be Blizzard?
I still havent touched a Blizzard product since last Blizzcon, guess I'll just continue with that.
Freedom above all my dude. Respects where it due for what you did.
Likewise, was looking forward to resubbing before end of BFA; get all that sweet content without the time gating.

Now, after this, I can't imagine ever returning to a single Blizzard product.

Please Blizzard, I love your games (I may not have time for them) but you need to come out and rectify this and stand up to what's wrong. I don't forsee how that'll work with China owning a percentage of Blizzard Activision and Riot and Epic... I mean the landscape seems immovable.

I think we need big influencers and us the fans to do what we can, and hope for the best.

Is there a posituve resolution to this, at least from Blizzard? Any redemption?
Private servers bro
Starcraft is the only game I play anymore, I'm really sad that I have to stop playing :(
Yep, that'd be a cancel from me as well.  Also got a refund on my pre-order of WC3.
Play RuneScape :3
Delete your battle.net account coward. Do it
Well done, ton of other games and developers that you can support in the meantime.
my respect to you
*snap* this is going in my cringe compilation
Imagine being this cucked
Prove it and I'll send you $50. I bet you're a lying, virtue signaling douche tool.


Edit: I was wrong. We came to an agreement, I sent him $ and he sent it back because he's a good dude. I was wrong.
Did you also sell your pc and phone both of which are made in China if not in whole absolutely had parts made in China?
Well said
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
I concurr. Closing mine as we speak. Fuck them.
Amen. I've been playing since Starcraft and I have so many memories playing and have spent so many hours watching streams of SC/SC2/WC3/Hearthstone but this is totally just so far from that company from yesteryear. Uninstalled everything, won't be looking back.
Now that's the perfect reply I've been trying to come up with for the past few hours. Second end!
Agreed
I've already raised a ticket for them to delete my account as well. I loved them back in the days of Diablo 2 / Warcraft 3, and was waiting with anticipation for announcement of their new games. But nowadays this company went to shit.
Same. Subscription is gone. Sad times for us to see the  true Monster that our money has turned into.

Fuck your subscription money right up yo facist ass.
I wont play anything new, but I'll still play stuff like warcraft 2, starcraft 2, you know, stuff that was made before all this
Yeah.. but have you deleted your account?
Me too. Cancelled everything.

Subscriptions to wow are long gone now. Launcher and games deleted never to come back unless underground servers. Fuck Activision and blizzard, aswell as ea, Ubisoft and rockstar.

Suck my big fat bohemia interactive dick
Same! Fuck em. Loved their games and spend too much time and money on HoTS and Hearthstone, but I'm not supporting this bs.
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
I tried every option to receive the code for deletion and they were all locked. SMS, authenticator, email, secret question... None work. I wonder if they disabled it or I just screwed up
Eli5?
Which email should i send the request to?
I think this only applies to EU citizens, but it's a pretty funny way to spite them if their process isn't fully automated. Might provide you with some interesting data too.
Just googled GDPR. I'm from the US and it seems to be an EU thing and there isn't a link for it in the US battle.net, but I tried the link from the EU battle.net and it seems to be working for me.
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
I've sent an E-Mail to them :D
Well done! That’s no small thing it looks like you were really invested.
Fuck yes
That ia awesome and exactly what makes us human. Unlike these shitty corporations that silence people to take chinazi money
Me and my wife and kids unsubbed.  Games uninstalled.  If we don’t hear a response / “statement” soon, we’re deleting the accounts.  They better make it right.  That’s all we can say on the matter
Same boat. I don't want to write the account off to zero because I'm a bit of a hoarder, but I haven't signed in since they killed Heroes really, and don't see myself signing in ever again now. Future is probably phone apps anyway.

I know also if they are able to get me to, it will be with a huge amount of repulsion. I don't see them overcoming that.
Honestly I don't see issue in playing the single player games offline. Already spent the money and only person that loses is me if I destroy everything. And should Blizzard redeem itself I'd rather not have to buy what I had again.
Uninstalling hearthstone was hard, but fuck them. Video games are a great way to take a break from reality, not ignore it.
Same here! Me and my GF both did it \^\_\^
Now delete your blizzard account. So you can’t just reinstall when this blows over.
I just blacked out everything including my face on the image I gave them. The only thing visible is my name, address and date of birth which is information they already had.
In their terms of service they say that they'll ban anyone under 13 or if you made your account before 13. Tell them you are 10 or something and they'll ban you. I did this myself a couple years ago because blizzard is shit.
[removed]
Online Google search of emperor Pooh will suffice
i just placed this  [https://www.timesrecord.com/wp-content/uploads/images/2018-03-19/14p1.jpg](https://www.timesrecord.com/wp-content/uploads/images/2018-03-19/14p1.jpg)
[deleted]
I have the option to use an SMS code. However, when inputting and entering the code I received, I get "Denied" on the page. It then refreshes and says "Due to too many attempts, SMS Protect Code has been locked. Please try another method for verification."

Mind you, I got this message on my first attempt at entering the code. I am unsure whether this is due to them receiving an unusually large number of requests that this particular service has gone down or if it's an attempt to get as many ID photographs as possible.
cancel subscriptions but its not a good idea to delete your account.  just don't log into it.  

basically blizzard will make more money from people who will re-buy their products later.  this happens when people burn things in protest, it just increases sales from whatever it is they protest.

dont burn your own property
I have an Authenticator, I got one during WotLK. That worked for me
I sent them a photo of my ID with my middle finger next to it...It's the little victories.
Right?? I went to delete my account and tried with sms and was told no, try a different method. I used the Authenticator app and was told no, try a different method. So now I have to give my ID? They don’t even have my ID on file right now as is, why give it to them now? Slimey dickheads.
lol what?! photo id to DELETE an account?
Best part is that the opposition to this has been bipartisan. I've seen BOTH Ron Wyden (d) and Marco Rubio (r) speak out against what the NBA did and I'm sure they'd do the same with Blizzard.
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
> if at all?
  
Read the linked post.  
  
You posted the question after the AMA ended. It's misleading to suggest it was dodged. You can almost guarantee this kind of question to be asked in future debates. It's a good question, just asked too late.
This is correct at least for some. Interned in Senate in 2013 - we (unpaid interns) processed all calls and letters. We just gave a weekly spreadsheet to the intern coordinator of issues with how many times a constituent wrote / called about that issue. That's it. Not a thing more. No names, no specifics, nada.
> I asked Bernie Sander's Senior Advisor, want to see how he responded, if at all?
> 
> https://old.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/df4twq/i_am_warren_gunnels_senior_advisor_to_bernie/f313xlu/

The entire thread got nuked.
Holy crap... rest in peace nuked comments.
Whoa EVERYTHING has been removed!!!
Your comment from that old link and response have been removed :( or at least doesn’t exist via mobile
[Mods removed the question.](https://snew.notabug.io/r/SandersForPresident/comments/df4twq/i_am_warren_gunnels_senior_advisor_to_bernie/f313xlu/)
动态网自由门天安门天安门法轮功李洪志Free Tibet 六四天安门事件The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安门大屠杀The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派斗争The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大跃进政策The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人权Human Rights 民运Democratization 自由Freedom 独立Independence 多党制Multi-party system 台湾台湾Taiwan Formosa 中华民国Republic of China 西藏土伯特唐古特Tibet 达赖喇嘛Dalai Lama 法轮功Falun Dafa 新疆维吾尔自治区The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 诺贝尔和平奖Nobel Peace Prize 刘暁波Liu Xiaobo 民主言论思想反共反革命抗议运动骚乱暴乱骚扰扰乱抗暴平反维权示威游行李洪志法轮大法大法弟子强制断种强制堕胎民族净化人体实验肃清胡耀邦赵紫阳魏京生王丹还政于民和平演变激流中国北京之春大纪元时报评论共产党 独裁 专制 压制 统一 监视 镇压 迫害 侵略 掠夺 破坏 拷问 屠杀 活摘器官 诱拐 买卖人口 游进 走私 毒品 卖淫 春画 赌博 六合彩 天安门 天安门 法轮功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 刘晓波动态网自由门
Not sure what you said but you had me at Winnie the Pooh.
Fuck Blizzard too.
>Fuck **the Chinese Government**.

FTFY
I also can't, and I was wondering the same thing. Immediately denied as too many attempts even though I never had a single failed attempt. No method is working. Basically, my data is being held hostage.
I had the same problem, but I tried two more times and it worked. Goodbye Blizzard..
The tickets do get generated though. Check the ticket tab
[deleted]
I kind of agree with you. unless these people who are deleting their blizzard accounts are also doing the same with the Google, Apple, Microsoft and the whole list of other companies that are more than happy to comply with China's oppressive regulations...
this is a bad opinion from a bootlicker. civil obedience gets things done.
Okay Mr. Jinping thank you for your input.
Whatever helps you sleep at night bud. Need a new organ? I heard they have a fresh bunch up for sale.
Did you read the rule? It does not say to not go into politics or didn't exclude anything specificaly. The rule says first and foremost that it is applied by decission of blizzard if a player speaks or acts in a way that reflects badly on blizzard. The player made a statement in favor of human rights. If that rule applies it obviously signals, that Blizzard has more interest in chinese approval than approval of human rights as the decision was at Blizzard to make.

Of course after the statement Blizzard would have some bad reflection from either side (so technicallly you could argue that it is a broken rule either way), but as the rule states Blizzard could have decided to not apply it at their discretion and thus chose which side they were on. (Also, the rule does not apply to the two casters that were fired.)

I personally am happy for the incident as it has given more attention to the Hong Kong protests and Blizzards interessets. 
If rules are questionable they must be broken at some point, that is part of progress.
"if you want things to change, try and change them"

Yeah that's what people are doing you bootlicker.
I quit playing Blizzard shit a little while ago, and quite frankly, having my purchase history and whole account deleted feels like the best message I could possibly send. It's not really so important to me that many more do this alongside me, but the best and most effective message I could possibly send Blizzard.  


I have over a decade of history on my account, trashing that and giving absolute finality to the end of my relationship with Blizzard over this issue feels really fantastic. There is no going back and no way I can patron them again in any capacity after this.
I agree that he was fully aware of thr consequences that he could face, but to expect things to change without changing the things you do is not going to happen. You need to break the rules to put a spotlight on things that certain people don't want to see. The problem here is that with trying to supress political statements in their community, Blizzard were stating a political Statement themself. Even if they are not pro-China, it heavily implies it with their actions and the way they handled the situation.
It’s not a strict rule, it says at blizzards sole discretion they (or their stakeholders in this case) can decide what’s offensive. The punishment is also not clearly defined obviously, they chose to immediately ban/fire. 

Also it’s not the punishment itself but what it represents. That profit motives rule over civil rights. They’re setting a precedent for all companies down the line and if the people let it slide they’re mortgaging their own futures.
You are wrong, did you read the rule? It's about the public image. And if endorsing freedom is now against the public image, fuck Blizzard! It's a disgrace for the public image of Blizzard, btw!
> There’s a reason there are rules. You guys deleting your accounts/unsubbing are ridiculous and a tiny minority. As much as I support Hong Kong protests, THERE IS A STRICT RULE DISALLOWING INVOLVEMENT WITH SUCH THINGS FOR TOURNAMENT PLAYERS. I’m sorry you all think this rule shouldn’t apply to someone, but get the hell over yourself and grow the hell up.

please die
You can argue about him breaking the rules... But  what about the casters that were just there and didn't do anything wrong (according to what ive heard) why did they have to be fired?
He broke tournament rules and should face an appropriate punishment. Alright, I can respect that.

The rule he broke says anyone breaking it would get his grandmaster status revoked and his winnings voided. That's already pretty harsh, but Blizzard wend beyond that and also banned him for a full year, which is a career ending move for a pro player.

Then they censored any discussion on the incident on all of their forums, and wrote an apology on the Chinese version of their website stating that they would continue to safeguard the dignity of the state.

Beurrrg
This exact conversation happened in the nba sub.  Please pay attention to who you trust. The Chinese are actively trying to change our opinions
What about the Commentators?
I'll also add, deleting games that you've already paid for is stupid as shit, you already gave them your money, why would they care if you're not going to play anymore (Besides WOW of course). I'm not going to give them anymore money, but I'm also not going to stop playing/delete Diablo II either, since I've already paid for it
Wait breaking rules of a company which allows voluntary basis tournaments? Vs using public space to express the wrongness of governments? Yeah. I guess you're right, don't use social opportunities to better human rights. We shouldn't break rules, yeah. We will leave other governments to do that for us, but you know, we will play our games quietly and follow the code of the game tournament.
Da fuk
Fucking bootlicker
> There’s a reason there are rules. 

So what.  What if those reasons are bad?  "There's a reason" is the stupidest argument for anything.  I 100% agree with Kibler on this.  It was a completely out of line and over-the-top reaction from Blizzard.

> If you want things to change, try and change them. 

That's what cancelling a subscription is you knob.  Do you think you have a voice louder than the money you spend?  You don't.  The people canceling are the ones actually trying to do something in a way that may effect change in a company like blizzard (fuck blizzard).  

You are a stooge and your attitude and philosophy make the world a worse place.  Congrats on being like that.
And that's why the casters were banned too?
That's why they took his prize money even if they didn't have to according to their own rules?
That's why they've completely removed cameras and interviews from HS tournaments?
The rule is not strict. It literally is at their discretion. https://i.imgur.com/4X2Y2y3.jpg
Shill
The thing that you don't realize is that these companies always write up a TON of legal garbage that they won't usually enforce but keep around just in case they need it. It's not about "breaking a rule", it's just blizzard covering their ass. That "rule" that you talk about is in a freaking 19 pages pdf only about the 2019 HS tournament.

Companies do that all the time. For example one of Steam's distribution agreements is that companies have to submit their game application no later than the FIRST commercial release but we all know games being on console or other player getting to steam later is the norm.

You can try to claim that people are immature for not being mindless fanboys like you but in the end you didn't even know what you were talking about.
Yea, people bitch and complaing all the time about special treatment and celebs or politicians  being above the law and let off with crimes.

Then when a celeb that you all like does it or a company you all like is involved. Suddenly it's a case of "let him off with it".

You're all a joke and i dont believe a single one of you unsubbed.. or if you did you were done playing anyway
They exercised their right to ban him and people are exercising their rights to delete their account and no longer support Blizzard. What's the issue?
To make a statement breaking bad rules and laws is good. Look at the civil rights movement, many of the things they did was illegal but morally right. If he spoke out later, we would not have seen how enslaved Blizzard is to China
You don't truly support the protests then. Simple as that
The winner in the last Hearthstone contest spoke in an interview in favor of the Honk Kong struggle to freedom.

As a response, Blizzard took away his prize money 250K $, deleted the interview and banned him for a year from the game.
I tried a few times, and while i had this error on the first try, it did work after the third!
I sent them the ID, wtf are they gonna do. Account deleted. ✌️
Same here the code they sent me doesn't even work lol
Just try again. It worked on my third try.
Gotta keep them numbers up for the stockholders. . .
I am getting this too but it is actually illegal to make a copy of an ID here which would be somwhat problematic ..

Unless you just put on a lot of black bars to block out privacy related info, which would mute the whole point of sending it ..

Not that Blizzard would actually be able to verify if an ID is valid.
You're probably better off without it. It's too addictive
At this point, I think you’re safe to enjoy an official copy of Diablo 2 without supporting Blizzard.
I think they just turned it off hoping it will blow over.
Received the same messages for both the SMS and authentication app. It's disturbing they want a government issued ID.

I won't be doing that with how enthusiastically they're supporting a regime that tortures, murders, steals and throws minorities in concentration camps. 

I've cancelled my subscription. I uninstalled. I'll wait this out and then delete it later on.
Just try again a few times. It worked for me!
Seeing this a ton from lots of people. An attempt to curb the quit wave I guess
Just try again. It worked for me!
>Silmarillion (I probably spelled it wrong)

Nope, you got it! (also have it sitting on my desk at home.  Perhaps I'll finally finish it!)
 [https://www.statista.com/statistics/269665/activison-blizzards-revenue-by-region/](https://www.statista.com/statistics/269665/activison-blizzards-revenue-by-region/) 

China is such a small part of their revenue.
will do!
they removed it :(
You are making the right decision. People used to die over causes like this in the past, we gotta take a stand.
Same. I think they have disabled this service in order to reduce the amount of people deleting their accounts.
Getting this as well, actually even when I just logged into battle net in my browser i got a text saying my account was locked. So I think this is a deliberate response to control the damage.
Ah, so its not just me. Good.
I sent them a picture of WinnieXiPooh. We'll see how the poor customer service rep responds. I feel bad for them, but I suspect the SMS and email verification was intentionally disabled or throttled to keep things like this from happening.
Ha right, I wish I still had a wow sub to fuck them with.
Wow, whatever translator app you put that in didn't do a great job.
China wants to know who stands against them
My mate raised a ticket just stating they were an EU dual national and it got sorted really quickly. Support didn't ask.
Exact same, did the SMS code and it won't take it saying SMS Code verification is locked. I'll try the Pooh pic now too.
it seems like they were probably hit or expected many people to quit from their service and have put a block on it as I am unable to to delete my account as well first attempt resulted in a too many times even though I can know full well I entered the code sent to me
Keep trying.the system is experiencing a volume of traffic.  It took me 3x but it took.
I'm pretty certain you can. Nothing should be tied to Battle.net at all l, just bungie.net and steam and then whatever console you play on (if applicable)
Don't stifle progress simply because it is small
Awww, you just gotta get your whataboutism in dont ya?  Don't worry, we don't give a fuck about your faux support.
When I spoke to the woman at the call-center they had been receiving a lot of cancellation requests and she seemed like she was having a bad day.  She managed to stay positive but I could tell it was wearing on her.
You have to use the link to submit a ticket with photo id...the automated verifications won't work for this.
Its about doing whats right, not what's profitable. History will look back on this as a moment where a company could have stood up and done the morally correct thing but instead crumbled like a coward. I'm sure I speak for most people here when I say its worth deleting my account knowing that *my* money will no longer be contributing to that.
That's fine. The market outside China will remain significant.  If we stop giving our money to firms which sell out to the PRC a market is created for media and products more in line with our values.
Same for me. It gave me that message on the first attempt, and the second - I gave up after that.
Yes
Yep. Uploaded my ID and all.
they're scared
I am
I'm getting the same thing.
Exactly same thing, I opened a ticket for it to the support, hoping it would be quick.
Check mate, red party
Don't hold it back, brother
there is a reason apple stopped production in China and are shifting completely to India..

Samsung has their biggest phone manufacturing plant in India...

Everyone is moving out of China gradually :)
You will regret deleting your account once this backlash is forgotten a few days from now.
I got the same thing as well. Posted on here too, to see if anyone else got the same thing. Glad I’m not the only one but it just seems strange.
Do what you want coward but leave us be.
[deleted]
Well, if we were all so selfish it wouldn't make a difference.  Thankfully, going through the thousands of posts in this sub where people are doing just that proves that you're just a tool.
I'm not sure why you think that. Blizzard's account deletion process is currently overwhelmed - I literally cannot delete my Blizzard account right now because SMS Protect Code and Authenticator Code got DDoS'd.
How do you do this?  
and they also updated this 3 hours ago on how to delete your account, so I think the data is removed either way.  


"If you wish to delete your account, you may create a request to remove personal information from your account. Proceeding with this erasure request will permanently remove or anonymize all personal information from your Blizzard Account.

Information that will be removed or anonymized includes:

* Name
* Contact information (email, phone number, etc)
* Security details
* Saved payment methods

This will also result in a permanent loss of the following:

* Purchase history
* Purchased games, codes, promotions, and in-game items
* Game accounts and all game progress
* Communications with Blizzard Customer Support
* Any remaining Blizzard Balance"
Same thing after only one attempt.

Came here to see if others were having the same issue.
block out everything except your name.
"I have submitted a ticket to delete my Blizzard account. I was once an avid WoW and SC2 player, but Blizzard's recent spineless and undemocratic censorship has caused me to leave Blizzard. Unless Blizzard undoes its cowardly and illiberal policy of bowing to China's censorship whims, I will never participate in Blizzard activities again. 

&#x200B;

Sadly,

\[name\]"
cover everything except your name.
Did the same with my driver's license, blocking face, address, and birth-date. They don't know what I look like to begin with, so the picture shouldn't matter anyway.

Update:  Request was denied. I've opened a support ticket asking why they need to see my face to delete my account, assuming I haven't provided my likeness to Blizzard to begin with.
Lmao
Deleted my main account!! They're giving me trouble with deleting my second one though I'll try kater
Yep, and they denied all my attempts when I blocked out most of the important details and my picture.
Bli$$ard
If you want to make a real difference, donate it to a homeless shelter or something man.
Same issue. Had to remove authenticator and change password before the request went through.
this is apparently not a bug; it’s a feature.
Side note, as someone who used to work in support... dont be a dick, the reps are prolly having REALLY bad days with assholes cancelling. Be the one person to cheer em up if possible. :)
Or follow instructions nest time instead of being an asshole.
nice
nice
Nice
And the world could always use a few more, whether Blizzard ever believed those words or not.

Uninstalling everything and deleting my account right now.
Only if you want to hit them where it hurts... I did that long ago and did not regret it a second :)
Delete your characters. Don't tempt yourself to go back once it's all fizzled out
You got me in the first half, not gonna lie.
Honestly not too worried to pursue something like that, I just wanted to contribute to the massive amount of deletions sure to follow
Imagine losing a character you spent 14 years building.
indeed, i wish people would sacrifice just a little to help stand up for what is right, human rights and freedom for your fellow man. we used to die for these things and much much less is being asked to achieve it. im a pessimist though i really dont think much is going to change from this. one can hope though but people have become so complacent anymore the overlords and tyrants will do as these please
I agree,I cant enjoy playing a game from a company that doesn't care about human rights and only about money,its not human anymore.
Let's not mince words. This does not make anyone a hero. The real heros are those fighting for their freedom
#If you or anyone your know plans on deleting their account, don't just delete your account! You can request your Data from Blizzard and if they dont follow trhough within 30 days they have to pay hefty fines inside the EU. If everyone does this, they might have such an enormous backlog and will have to pay up. More details here: https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/dfcncg/dont_just_delete_your_account_you_can_request/
This. Heroism is not being a Superman or anything like that. Heroism is doing the right thing, whenever you can.
Agreed with this guy. Yes we're all just drops in the ocean but that doesn't mean we give up and don't try. Even the thoughts in your head are meaningful. The desire for freedom is just an idea yes but powerful nonetheless.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfllko/far_worse_than_deleting_or_requesting_data/

https://shipyourenemiesgdpr.com/
 cancelled
r/2007scape welcomes you
Destiny 2 is fantastic right now! :-)
I agree.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfllko/far_worse_than_deleting_or_requesting_data/

https://shipyourenemiesgdpr.com/
Don't stop playing Overwatch, just continue playing it but never buy anything from Blizzard again. This means that they have to pay for increased server load but earn nothing from it.
Real liberty over wings of liberty? Nice.
Sold mine too, wasn't many (22) which is double edged. They might take a dive here anyways so win/win
This may be personal, but did you at least make money off of your shares? I hope so. Either way, i have mad respect for that.
I created a ticket, gave them 72 hours to reverse their decision or lose this customer for life. 

Ill back that up 100%, ive boycotted other companies for much less and kept my word. The games market is saturated, i dont need blizzard. I will not allow china to influence western culture this way.
Yeah, i was dumb and had a 6 month sub that i started a bit after classic came out...  Uninstalled the games and battlenet client already.
Ask for a refund on the sub if under 24 hours or do a chargeback
Cancelled ✓
Go back to Ultima Online. Ultima Online never did you wrong.
can i get a link to said game? pls
Go get yourself a couple bigmacs, on Blizzard. Lol
I need to change my username
Damn no offense cause I'm all for voting for your wallet, cause I'm this comment op, but did you "talk" to then or get rude with them? Lol
🦀 🦀 $11 🦀🦀
a Game owned by a Chinese Company, yes sounds good
[deleted]
Funny that I encountered your comment. I've been on edge about starting to continuing to play FF14 for a long time, been thinking about it a lot recently. It's one game that I regret most not playing actively, only played in Realm Reborn to lvl 50, but at that point 11 years mostly hardcore wow playing was just too much pressure to stay on that boat instead.

Now, I'm looking back at all those years and only thing I feel is regret for not playing FF14.
It's better that they have to choose between China and the West than choose China and still keep the West.
Well then they can move their headquarters to china when their us stock plummets and their us play base is cut to a quarter lol
You’d be surprised - asiapacific is only 12% of their revenue and China is only a part of that.
China is actually a small part of their revenue.  If even 20% of their american customers leave they'll lose more money than all of Asia provides them.

 [https://www.statista.com/statistics/269665/activison-blizzards-revenue-by-region/](https://www.statista.com/statistics/269665/activison-blizzards-revenue-by-region/)
Seconding gw2
Then you must hate free speech? Why not join them over there?
Yes but I'm not actively paying them money....
Unfortunately I never made an ally toon above level like 50? I think? Their storylines always just bored me lol almost all of my toons are horde lol
Is it turn based like the old ff or is it the new play style?
Does it also include people talking about having a cringe compilation?
Okay give me a second you want to PayPal or cash app?
[https://imgur.com/a/RKXExYZ](https://imgur.com/a/RKXExYZ)  where's my money douche tool?
Can I get in on that fitty, too, douche tool?
I mean they didnt promise a man money publicly, strip him of it, and fire two people completely uninvolved. 

You must think in order to support something you must drop everything you are doing and fly to Hong Kong and join their protest huh? 

All black or white.

You need a phone in 2019, you dont need blizzard. 

Stop projecting and go hug your mom, she'll help with your insecurities, cause I dont give a shit about them.
I'm dying 😂
Yeah, I did. Like I wrote. In my last reply. What, you need a screenshot?
What did rockstar do?
These guys going so erect for money that Bethesda is becoming that Shaggy “Are you Challenging me?” Meme.
Remember to enforce your right to be forgotten.
You should definitely not check out Tauri or one of the other private servers.
Hold on, what about Ubisoft at the moment? They do stupid things from time to time but they aren't terrible.
What did Ubisoft do? :(
You guys are weirdos man.

Yeah I get the sentiment, but wow classic is wow classic and GTA is GTA. Get outta here and dont forget to delete your steam account if you have one.
Send them a request for all your data and if everyone does it then they’ll have to waste a ton of time and money fulfilling those requests.
There’s a form you can fill in on their site.  Just google blizzard Gdpr and the first result has a link to it.
Send it by post to be even more inconvenient for them.
Legally yes, but blizzard offers the data privacy request to everyone.  Probably easier than trying to figure out if you’re an EU citizen.
pretty soon going to apply in to US citizens too. New privacy laws in CA go into effect in 2020
Link please?
This comment is a gem.
They had us in the first half not gunna lie.
Lmao

But so true
Commit man
Did it work? If yes than I’ll just do that.
Fuck, I blanked everything except my name and face. Fuck I shouldn't have given them my face.
So in other words, there was 0 point in blacking out anything.
My account doesn't even have any of that, I used a fake first and last initial (and somehow they didn't prevent me from doing that). What do now? I've been sending them pictures of my middle finger but they keep rejecting it as an invalid ID, but that's the most valid thing they're going to get...
Don't, because they get the money and don't have any expenses. Instead just don't buy anything from them and play often. This means they have to pay the power bill for increased server load, and they don't earn anything from it.
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
Lol I just sent that, let's see what they say
I wasn’t given that option unfortunately.
I got that too, but with email code verification. It's possible they've disabled that functionality due to an influx of deletion attempts.
Yup same here got that after the first attempt aswell. If you noticed you can see they changed the delete your account page 12 hours ago.. i feel like they made changes like this to discourage players from deleting their accounts.
No, to delete all information they've collected on you over the years, including your account.
That was my reaction when I got to that point
Rubio *did* speak out about Blizzard. Most sensible thing he's done in a hot minute. But it wasn't because people are being oppressed, killed, or farmed. It's because China is trying to assert their censorship internationally, and they're telling non-citizens what they can and can't say. Whatevs, I'll take it.
what did you expect from a socialist sub?
It's a list of banned terms on Chinese internet, I think.

The idea is to block Chinese government shills from accessing this place to comment.

I'm not sure it works though.
Absolutely.
They seem to have shut the system down because they were losing too many accounts, they are probably hoping that making people wait a week or so the cancel their accounts will cause this to blow over.
Pretty damn disgusting to see
Apology? I can't find anything about an apology from Blizzard. Is this true?
Yeah there's similarly not going to be very many NBA fans who will give up all basketball outside of Euro League, BallIsLife, and Drew League.
Not really, Blizzard is following implicit wishes of the Chinese government.
Civil disobedience sure does. Deleting a video game account is not civil disobedience.
I made all my comments I’m going to make on the matter. Fact is, anyone against Blizzard is wrong. It’s literally not even a matter of opinion. You can have an opinion on the decision, sure, but Blizzard made the right call. I’ve given enough information to say why. If that’s not enough, spend some time on Google exploring international relations regarding businesses and the practices of international trade. Blizzard would have lost billions of dollars and millions of players if they didn’t do what they did.
I do support the protests entirely. However, if I was publicly in a tournament that had a rule against me sharing political views during the competition, I would withhold that information until the tournament concluded.
Well that's seriously fucked. If I hadn't deleted my account after getting locked out it randomly, I'd do it in a heart beat
And fired the presenters.
report you as "bad man" to chicom for when they take over your country
I'm not willing to give them my ID just to delete my account. This is also a completely ridiculous request that given that they state that they need to verify the owner of the email address, which for the purpose of logging in they are happy with a verification link. So the ID thing is an intentional, unnecessary obstacle they put in the way. I'm EU citizen, is there some otherwise binding form of request to delete my data I can create?
Nope, still won't work but I did manage to send a ticket in the "other" section which for some reason stopped asking for authentication regarding account so hopefully they actually process it.
[deleted]
Hmmm...there must be a way to get the message out there to more people!  This is an outrage that cannot stand. Capitalism cannot win over human rights, but capitalism is what they understand so we need to speak to them in their language. But thanks for posting that here!
Pathetic move from a pathetic company.
If it doesnt go through, I'll check in from time to time to see if other methods are active.
Maybe your brain is just on a bit of a delay and you can't understand basic English?
I gladly let them know that I stand against them
nah
I just tried covering sensitive info on my ID for verification like suggested in the comments, and it still didn't work since they never had my ID in the first place. I guess I'll have to wait a few days and try email verification again
Maybe too many people are deleting their accounts
Honestly theres no reason to delete my account. I dont give them money. I rarely play. I know its a political statement but I honestly dont think anything we do here will impact what china does with hong kong.

&#x200B;

It would be like me burning a jersey of a player that leaves a sports team, whats the point?
Doesnt mean they stopped catering to China, apple pulled the taiwanese in HK. Still catering to their demands
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-10-08/apple-pulls-taiwanese-flag-emoji-from-iphones-in-hong-kong
Nah, Blizzard will always be dogs for Chinese cock.  They aren't going to change overnight
Nah, unless they walk back the statements and give the guy his prize money there's no going back.
[deleted]
I imagine they're trying to stop the bleeding. Whatever, I'm done. They're on my never again list along with EA.
Maybe don’t work for a company more interested in sucking CCP cock than keeping US customers then. I’d be looking for another job yesterday and I hope they are too.
I can't speak for them, but I did follow the instructions and I got the same message. On my very first attempt, it told me I couldn't do it because I had made too many attempts.
Maybe there won't be a nest time
You're the only asshole that I see around here, asshole.
What are you going on about?
It did they same thing for me and i did everything correctly. I think they shut it down so we cant delete our accounts.
Imagine valuing zeros and ones in a computer server more than human rights.
Imagine losing an actual lifestyle you spend your life, your parents life, their parents life (etc) building.
I'm from Hong Kong, all I want to say is every little action people did could add up to become something much larger. Thank you for doing something to stand in solidarity to Hong Kongers.
I just did mine. I didn't even take a second to check my library, or my monetary balance. I just hit that fucking cancel button and never looked back.
Didn’t take me a second thought. I’m done with blizzard now, greedy out of touch company with evil undertones. Yeah I’ll pass.
I unsubbed as well, wrote why in the comments
> i wish people would sacrifice just a little to help stand up for what is right

What's being Sacrificed? Instead of throwing your money at a multi billion dollar company, you get to keep your money. There's plenty of other MMOs and RPGs you can invest time in.
Unless Blizzard reverses their actions at the tournament and issue a public apology they will never get my business again. Ever.
I think many are cancelling their subs I spoke with many on gw2 tonight that started playing again bc of this and left wow cancelling their and their spouses accounts and all that. I quit years ago but yea, I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, FUCK BLIZZ.
Folks in Honk Kong are *currently* dying for these things.

Hey everyone! You know that steam library of unplayed games that you bought on sale? The one you're almost ashamed to think about, since WoW always takes precedent over all these awesome titles? Now's your chance!
I never really got into blizzard games and now I wish I could stop giving them my money but there’s nothing to stop lol
You have to believe things can change and encourage others that it’s possible. Be the change you want to see in the world. You can only account for yourself, leading by example is the best way to show people it’s possible.
People seem to forget about 80 years ago there was some big thing that happened when a world power government began exercising full control over people.  Limiting freedom of speech. Disarmed a populace and had concentration camps. Think it was called a world war or some shit. It's almost like we forgot all the steps that led up to that.
Nothing is going to change. The minuscule amount of people that cancel in the scheme of things wont even register as a blip on their radar. Heck, I'd wouldnt be surprised if they gain more new players from China based on this overall.

Anyhow, those in this and all other subs that are angry at people who dont want to cancel their subs are just as bad people. Do what you want yourself, its your life. Just dont insult people when they dont want to take the same actions as you.
I think if enough players start to leave and delete chars and make it clear that they're losing customers and money it helps. Not much but we can punish blizzard for this. And then we can move onto bigger issues. Wish you Hong kongers the best. Yours sincerely, Chinese dude not living under Chinese rule thankfully
I was addicted to OW lootboxes, no more. Mei stands with Hong Kong.
[removed]
>時勢造英雄

“The circumstances create the hero”. (Cantonese saying)

We appreciate any show of support — y’all didn’t have to give up the game time. It’s a significant 
 investment for a show of solidarity. 

=]
https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfllko/far_worse_than_deleting_or_requesting_data/

https://shipyourenemiesgdpr.com/
What is an ocean but an accumulation of tiny drops?
Chuch

Came back for classic, fuck supporting a dictatorship. Cancelled
Idk if you're correcting my spelling or just chiming in that you canceled too, but just in case it's the former, canceled is the correct American spelling and cancelled is British.  Neither spelling is wrong.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Blizzard/comments/dfllko/far_worse_than_deleting_or_requesting_data/

https://shipyourenemiesgdpr.com/
Downloaded it last night :D
[deleted]
Is PvP still trash? I hated that they went from D1’s Halo style MP to the terrible 3v3 tiny arenas.
The people who do spend money on it need people to play against. The best thing to do is not play at all.
Fuck, we need to make this a meme and post that shit all over the place.
Yeah fair deal having bought right before classic wow. Seems like a lot of other folks have been dropping it to.
https://albiononline.com/en/home
LMAOOOO Small world, man. I hope you’ve been well lol.
Oh, I was polite in the tickets. It wasn't until after they refused to delete the account that I started trying to sell it.
Oh shit
Me too! I've been meaning to play NieR beforehand but I'm too busy leveling crafters and gatherers so I can stop being a poor pleb, haha.
There's no time like the present! Shadowbringers was the best expansion pack so far, and Square Enix has like a hundred percent less supporting evil fascists and stuff like that. So far, at least.
Yes,  but potential market is way bigger than US. 

https://venturebeat.com/2019/05/07/niko-partners-chinas-game-market-to-hit-41-5-billion-and-767-million-players-by-2023/


https://www.apptutti.com/corporate/china-has-more-mobile-gamers-than-america-has-people-3/

Activision-blizzard will adjust to their model of gaming and make new China oriented games
True for current business model and active audiences. Although I’m very happy that we can strike them where it hurts (money), the reason I deleted my account. But in long run they look at potential of Chinese market, and calculated that it would be more profitable to please communist party to keep growing in China. I think very soon we gonna see huge shift in Blizzard, if I have to guess more toward mobile games.
Ps if you didn’t catch the message it’s meant to be a satire copypasta
I’m glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family’s organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
Ad-revenue + Active user numbers are great metrics to talk about during  shareholder meetings and possible investors. Which only increases Reddit's worth and thus Tencent gets a bigger amount of dough.
It’s not turned base. It’s actually similar to WoW with 2s global cool down abilities. 

If you want action pack, then I’d say Black Desert Online which is made by Korean Company.


Semi online would be Monster Hunter World. Japanese company.
yikes that's your best comeback?
Discussing the situation and payment now folks. But fuck you for the douche tool comment. I said "I bet you are..." not that you were one no matter the circumstance.
Sure. What's two plus two divided by two?
No you don’t need a phone. You choose to want it. Sorry I hurt your feelings with truth you little bitch
Dude that’s the whole point of all this. If a company continues to support China in any way, they’re guilty of all of China’s crimes. Same treatment for trump people here. If you support him in any way, you’re a racist misogynist. 

Why would spending money on any Chinese product make it okay? 

Also, in 2019 you need a phone as much as blizzard; not at all.
You sound... NICE!
People are pissed about the upcoming rdr2 release on pc. Saying it's a money grab since it released on consoles a year ago.
> You guys have principles man.  

FTFY
Yeah I know, it's weird to have things like morals and principals in real life. I know we act like we have them in games and stuff, but if you put your enjoyment of a game in front of the lives of an oppressed people, it's the exact same as saying "who cares? fuck those guys". LPT - This is how you are perceived by people who actually give a fuck about someone other than themselves.
Looks like they’re already blocking attempts to do this. It wouldn’t accept my authentication via SMS or my auth app. Only tried it once before it told me “denied, too many attempts.”
I've been doing that through wow and overwatch by the hour as well
Same here
👍
How do you do that?
what does the workers have to do with that? leave the little people alone.
[deleted]
It's literally one line of code on a person's account.


If EU, run GDPR request; if else, don't.
[here ya go](https://eu.battle.net/support/en/help/product/services/1327/1329)
I'm getting angrier and more disappointed by the hour tbh. And [accepting more responsibility](https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/dfa55x/hearthstones_twitch_channel_autotimed_me_out_for/f31w798) through complacency, but honestly it's just the hoarder side of me. I'd rather never log in again than delete it all, but yknow what... I'm going to have to.

I hope it ends up being noticeable in their quarterly report/shareprice.
It should work AFAIK
They accepted it but it's all automated so I'm not sure yet.
I tired blacking out everything except name, address, and DOB, they denied it. :(
*You're part of the machine now*
Maybe, maybe not. They don't have my driver's license number or a picture of me. Or height, weight, etc. Things that may not matter but they sure don't need that info.
Player numbers are free advertising, you're worth more to them by playing than you are by not. Plus, if it's a multiplayer game, playing, even without paying, means you're enhancing the experience for other players, and that means they're more likely to pay more. Whales won't swim in an empty pond.
I tried sending the [Mc Lovin id](https://ih0.redbubble.net/image.249184183.1741/mp,550x550,gloss,ffffff,t.3.jpg) and it didn't work
Almost certainly.
I should probably get on a GDPR request while the UK is still in the EU.
Mad. To get them to delete your personal information you have to give them ... personal information
Apparently it’s to delete personal info they’ve gathered on you. Which is more ironic. To delete personal info they’ve gathered you have to give them ... personal info
[deleted]
In their English statement on the situation they tried to appear neutral and fair. In the Chinese statement they said “as always, resolutely safeguard the country’s dignity.” sounds like an good ole fashioned bootlicking apology to me.
Boycotting a company that is choosing to support a regime that is actively committing atrocities is a form of protest. If it becomes clear that they have to choose between playing nice with China or playing nice with the rest of the world, the Chinese market is no longer as appealing.
Blizzard banned the protestor so they could protect profits in China. Boycotting them hits exactly what they are trying to protect.
it is a boycott though, and boycotts can also be super effective.
Of course you would say that, Bobby.
So money above all else?
Then the should move to China and stop the sham of being an american company.
Go suck poohs dick
That’s not what the rule says, did you even read it? It says at blizzards sole discretion anything that could damage the company isn’t allowed. What he said wasn’t outrageous or damaging it was a single persons opinion, and that’s all they had to say to do damage control. Not fuck his prize money and ban him for 12 months. Fuck blizzard, they made their stance abundantly clear.
If you are EU citizen, you can always send an E-Mails to privacy@blizzard.com and demand full deletion of all of your data.

https://www.blizzard.com/en-us/legal/a4380ee5-5c8d-4e3b-83b7-ea26d01a9918/blizzard-entertainment-online-privacy-policy
Check out Grim Dawn. It is hands down the best (imo) ARPG on the market at the moment, and nearer to the end of the year it's going to receive its biggest free content patch to date.
No, that's a horrible sentence that's hard to understand.  You also forgot to include any punctuation.  Whoever told you you were good at writing in English was lying to you i'm afraid.  It's call a comma, look it up.
Yah
But they still have to make ends meet. A lot of people arent capable of just quitting a job and making ends meet until they get another one. A lot of people have to work until they find employment. So they are stuck, swallowing their pride and taking crap from people that want to hold them accountable. 

No need to be a dick to em.
You are not alone. I got too many attempts error on the first try.
I'm not deleting my account because I think it's possible that Blizzard turns this around. My subscriptions are cancelled and I'm done playing their games until they make well good on their promise to the players about our voices mattering. That said, it's hard to shit on Blizzard as a whole, it's a massive company with many artists within who are very angry about how their sales and marketing team acted.
I was just saying, the sunk cost makes it harder for someone to delete the account.  That's why unsubscribing isn't enough.
Actually HK was part of China 100 years ago for the Qing dynasty. Technically your grandparents would been part of that, just saying.
The press are trying to make you guys seem like the minority. Don't believe their lies. You have a huge groundswell of support globally. Your side is much larger than it appears on the ground. Don't give up hope.
Thank you. 
I felt that sending blizzard a ticket exposing their shit and getting banned for it was pretty useless by itself, but I did it nevertheless. 

Seeing this make me feel like it was at least something. 
I stand with you
I called my congressman and both senators and let them know the full extent of the censorship and violence going on in Hong Kong and in mainland China. Let them know I wouldn't be supporting companies that support genocides.  

From Texas, with love. I'd send y'all my shotgun and a pallet of ammo if it wouldn't get stopped in customs. Stay strong.
i hope you win this fight, i cant imagine what it would be like if i were in your shoes and i hope it never comes to that. partially why fighting for you now is so important. we are all human and we deserive basic rights. i just wish america wasnt so corrupt and would help you stop chinas regime
good my man, the games used to be good. especially when it was blizzard north but the real raeson youve stayed is most likely the community. i hope you find a tight knit grp to have fun with again on a different game! :D

even if blizz falls all its games will be replaced. wow crashing would mean a surge of people making mmorpgs to try and take that spot. so you might even end up with a better mmorpg than wow when its all said and done who knows. 

but know this, youre standing up for whats right
Nuked my account just a minute ago as well. Did they remove option to give reason for removing blizzard account because I couldn't find it
blizz has been like that for awhile now. their first thought when making a game isnt how can we make this game great but how can we nickel and dime people with this game
Another one here. Maybe if enough people do it they might sit up and take notice.
Moon’s Haunted man
You shouldn't ever give them business again anyway because all they'd be doing is what helps their bottom line AGAIN.  They'd only be responding to public backlash.  Not because it's the right thing to do.
I've been boycotting Blizzard for months now just because of the state of that company. This is just the final nail in the coffin that I will never return to a blizzard game. I have been playing ESO for a while and it seems old wow subscribers are transitioning here as well. WE WELCOME ALL WITH OPEN ARMS! Come play ESO!
Cancelled mine with Free Hong Kong as part of the comment.

I'm hoping Blizzard makes this right.  I'd like to go back.
I was putting off Code Vain and Surge 2. Back to the Souls-likes!
Canceling a WoW subscription will do nothing to help HK people gain human rights. It *might* help Blizzard not be assholes and pull bullshit stunts like this, but it’s not gonna do shit for HK. Honestly I’m not sure what can be done as a US (or any other country that’s not HK) citizen other than spread info. Even then, what specifically does that do to help? More people know about it... now what? Don’t buy shit that says “Made in China”? I’m genuinely wondering exactly what we should be doing.
[deleted]
Seriously, the virtue signalling is insane. Cancelled my account with ultra rare stuff and a billion gold and a huge bnet balance, didn't even think twice, karma plz!!
It's also largely meaningless when that motivation can be utilized for real good
Indeed.
If I was correcting you I would have wrote cancelled*
I find [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIOfeMelgSA) video sums it up quite well :-)
Couldn't tell you, i'm more of a PvE guy myself, but there are [more modes](https://d2.destinygamewiki.com/wiki/Crucible_Modes) than the one you describe.
You could also only play as Mei (a symbol of pro Hong Kong). A solution to helping stop Blizzard is to only play with your friends who are pro Hong-Kong, this way you are not contributing to Blizzard. If you do so, you should not help Blizzard in any significant way, while causing higher power bills for Blizzard.

Your suggestion is also good; simply don't play, without deleting your account, the cost to Blizzard is the same.
I can already picture the Drake version of the meme
Im so happy for you! Congrats. 

Yea, i imagine this will RUIN or possibly kill the company. Im eager to see how it all pans out
thank you
You too kind stranger that I actually know lol
Lmao
[deleted]
I admit I was going to start playing WoW Classic when I can, but I've completely abandoned that plan now because of this.

For FF14, I assume I have to go through all the previous expansions content to get to the good stuff that you mentioned?
I don't think they expected the reaction they got from this.  There's lots they could have done differently to mitigate the damage if that was the case.  Heck, not firing the two guys who were doing the interview, had no control over what the player said, and were clearly uncomfortable because they knew how it would be seen, would have been a huge step in the right direction.  The problem is that the optics make this out to be a really heavy handed and authoritarian approach.  Just fire everyone regardless of the culpability.  It's not something that really resonates with people, while in contrast, the freedom for Hong Kong movement gets a ton of sympathy because they've had epic level protests with almost no violence (aside from what the police are doing to protestors).  They dun goofed on this one.
Well since the copypasta just started today, there would be no way of me knowing its copypasta lol
Ad blocker
You're so edgy man, how does that work for you?
3!
You didnt hurt my feelings but please try and go without a phone see how far that gets you. Some of us have jobs that require it. I know you're just a lonely troll that needs projection, but like I said, I'm not your mom, so I dont give a shit about your insecurities.
Yeah okay go try a sales job without a phone.
Wait they're pissed it's coming out on PC? I get being annoyed that it didn't release at the same time, but would they rather it didn't come out on PC at all...?
They're pissed about the EGS exclusive business. It was always assumed that it would come to PC eventually just like GTAV
Those people are fucking morons. 

Some of us can't really afford a console, AND a PC. So RDR2 coming to PC is exciting to me.
Did the first one ever come to PC? I know it's probably more for the online than single player but if the story is good I'd like to play them in order
Imagine the amazing mods that will come out that will Be better than the OG version. Just like Skyrim
Good - means their site is melting down.
yeah ... its really nice that my authenticator and sms authentication are denied ... so iam not able to delete my account ...
Can we file complaints that they're blocking requests?
Nah i had that a couple of days ago it has absolutely nothing to do with this situation,

There site is just scuffed
I seriously doubt they'd block it since they'd either pay a 20 million euro fine, OR 4% of their global gross revenue whichever is the higher value.

4% for Blizzard is a veritable shitton of money, no companies fuck with GDPR.
Got the same thing. They requested a photo of my ID to verify.
You can’t “block” a Subject Access Request. - They HAVE to do it.
I wasn't allowed to delete my ahit either.
I got the same thing, wich is pretty sad , blocking people from leaving you, they trully did embrace china :'D
You can then turn to an customer protection association and file a report for not complying to GDPR. Your claim was legitimate.
same https://i.imgur.com/wzXe3pa.jpg
No they dont have to keep that in mind, this was just simply easier
From what I understand, it's not that easy because GDPR applies to all EU citizens no matter where they are or whether or not they made the account in the EU. It's more cost effective to treat everyone as an EU citizen.
> battle.net 

still asks me for an image of my ID
Alright I’ll try that.
Sure, but if you were worried about Blizzard knowing who you are, they could find you in a half second with that other info.

But that being said, I probably would have done the same thing.
Eh, not really.. Probably better than dealing with situations where someone is hacked and hacker deletes the account.
[Reduced to atoms](https://imgflip.com/i/3cqqy4)
It's still funny tho
VPN doesn't protect you from Chinese spyware
Vpns don't work in China
And that helps Hong Kong how? All it does is hurt Blizzard. That's fine if that's all you want to do. Civil disobedience it is not.
Do you guys not understand that China makes half your shit? 

Phone/PC components, shoes, your clothes were probably made by a 12 year old in a sweatshop. IN CHINA.
On top of all this drama signal boosting the guy who made the statement originally. This is probably the absolute best outcome that the hearthstone player could have ever hoped for.
I've read the entirety of Hearthstone eSports tournament rules which you can find on Hearthstone's websites. Regarding the specific rule quoted, don't be conceded in thinking this is an American/European issue. It's a Hong Kong issue, at a tournament in Hong Kong, where a player explicitly came out supporting a protest against the country via a game sponsored by Blizzard. Blizzard can easily be for the protests, but they're not based out of Hong Kong. It's best for any company to keep good relations with a country they do business in.

The alternative you all (unknowingly) are asking for is that Blizzard no longer associates with Hong Kong, and should remove all games/services from that country. Sorry, that would be stupid for business. And sure, pulling those services might be a good "stand" against Hong Kong, except now they're depriving tons of people in that country from playing games that may want to be playing it.

This is a hell of a lot more about the eSports rule than anyone is willing to look into. There's local laws. There's international laws. There's local relations. There's international relations. You have no right to ask a company like Blizzard to act a certain way unless you understand the entirety of what that decision means. Hence why Blizzard is where they're at with success. They're not stupid. What Blizzard did would be recommended by any intelligent business owner/chair for a company that is even remotely large.
I am on New Zealand but I will still try contacting them through that, thank you.
PoE
Actually I had to stop at 4th grade due to almost dying everytime I went to school and my family couldn't afford home school so I have an excuse friend no one told me I was good at English I just try my best to make it understandable
No need to call people cancelling their accounts assholes either.
[deleted]
Likely because the server is overwhelmed and returning 504 errors which happen to be the same error they chose for rate limiting individuals.
But Qing Dynasty is not the same as PRC, especially in the context of life style.
The gamer didn't ask for independence. He asked for revolution over the political system. However, CCP denounces every protest in HK as damaging its sovereignty. Basically, CCP is a tyranny.
I am thinking that it's less important that what you did could be pretty useless, but you did spent some of your time to speak out. You are making an effort to show that you actually value the thing that you are actively voicing put for - that's what matters.
agreed, fighting an invisible fight can be hard sometimes. but just know every action truly helps them. hopefully this spark of revolution can help give chinese democracy that much sooner and stop that many more beatings and deaths.
There's actually a [bill](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hong_Kong_Human_Rights_and_Democracy_Act) that would help immensely going through US congress next week, please make sure that your representatives will be voting yes for the bill. I'm really thankful for your support.
I don’t even care about the quality of the game, I was loving classic. People used to say give me liberty or give me death. I can at least say give me liberty or cancel my goddamn wow subscription and I’m never giving you another dime.
Unsubbed from WOW about 2 months ago. Uninstalled all my Blizz games and launcher after their shitty move yesterday.
Even had a Tyrael wallpaper....Got rid of it too.

It seems like for the last 2 years blizzard has been making a shit Sundae. Yesterday was the cherry on top for me.

Oh, how the mighty have fallen. Bye Blizzard
Yep, but unfortunately the general masses are seemingly blind to corruption. Unfortunately I think this will blow over, and things will be back to normal in a month but I’m proud that I will never touch a blizzard product again so I’m doing my part.
Since activision bought them and the director at blizz left. Its not the same company anymore
Right, but if we punish them for bad behaviour, and then punish them further for good behaviour, what's their incentive to not do the bad shit?
I just can’t at this point. They’ve annoyed me for years supporting the Red Cross with their pet sales and such and now this.

Idk. I feel like even if they apologize and try to make this right it’s like when you’re cheated on, it’s morally fucked up and hard to stay with that person right? I mean blizz has shown their true colors here.

Like, they lost trust here especially when it’s so clear what the right choice would have been here.
[deleted]
Blizzard never stated they were against the Hong Kong protestors. Get your head out of your ass and don't be stupid to see this ban as anything related to support/non-support.
..and next month everybody comes to their senses and complains on how they want their account back.
Let's put it this way then:

There is a clear right choice and a clear wrong choice for those who believe themselves to be "informed consumers"
I went to D2 and never look back at OW.
Huh. It looks like they might have expanded it. Thanks, I'll have to check it out. I'm more of a PvE guy too, but Destiny 1 had such fantastic PvP, and D2 was such a massive downgrade that I quit the entire game within a few days of launch. Even if it still sucks, I guess I'll have plenty of PvE stuff that I skipped out on.
It wont, lol.
Yeah, I might take the weekend before the raid to play it!
You do, but if you left at level 50 it won't take too long to catch up. Post-ARR can be a bit of a drag, but Heavensward (and the Post-Heavensward) content is fantastic. Then there's Stormblood, which is pretty good but not quite Heavensward-levels. Then you get through a little Post-Stormblood content and you get to Shadowbringers which is just fantastic in every way. Depending on how much you play, you can pretty much do HW and Stormblood in a weekend apiece. It's a bit of a time investment to be sure, but once you get out of A Realm Reborn it gets significantly less grindy!
Used to play FFXI, and Wow, but started XIV last month.  Already at level 60 and past the original story.  It goes quickly, but is hugely enjoyable from a story perspective.  First time I really felt that from a story in an MMO.
Indeed they goofed on this one. And of course as company they want all the money they can get, I’m sure they would love to keep all US and EU in addition of having China. But they showed who had higher priority. 

They had to react fast, hard and harsh to show to overloads who is loyal.
:P Now spread the word young padawan, fuck bliizzard for condemning human rights
You still remain an active user like all the others complaining here :)
Actually feeling pretty good tbh, don't know how cancelling your wow sub works for you despite being so hyped for the upcoming patch. I mean it takes a lot of courage to do that right, you're a real hero give yourself a pat on the back.
CORRECT. But you're not op so you win nothing. soz
And now you’ve moved the goalposts. You didn’t say anything about a sales job. You just said 2019. 

Also, door to door salesmen don’t need phones. Floor salesmen don’t need phones. So even with your fallacy, you’re just wrong.

You can’t even win by cheating.
Yeah, some people are. Doesn't make sense to me.
People are upset about exclusivity deals.  It hurts consumers in exchange for cash.

I get why you disagree, but I can see why people want to watchdog that kind of corporate misbehavior.
Rockstar has a track record of releasing half assed PC ports then never fixing the bugs. And really aggressive monetization.
They're not pissed because it's coming out on PC, they are pissed because they know Rockstar released it on PS4 saying no PC port confirmed, so they get the money for PS4 and PC versions.
I feel like it's probably the people who bought it on console already and would've bought it on PC back then instead if they had the option, and now they have to buy the game twice to get it on their platform of choice, not to mention their progress/achievements all being useless if they do switch to PC. 

I kinda get it, but, I also think there's more important things in life to be upset about.
I can see a few reasons to be pissed.

First off

> It's coming to PC at all.

Ok, that's great. Neato.

However, I have some critique about the journey.

1. It didn't release at the same damn time like it fucking should have.

2. Releasing late after calling it a console exclusive means that close to the maximum number of people possible will have caved and bought consoles specifically for this game, or bought it on console despite preferring PC when possible.

3. Due to point 2, they will likely get some duplicate sales. Maybe a lot.

4. Despite being a fucking semi-dated game at this point that I'd expect to pick up at 50% off, I fully expect it to be a 60$ or so for the next year.

5. I hate to go all conspiracy theorist, but this screams backroom temporary exclusivity deal that was planned like this from day 1 to fuck over consumers the maximum amount.


Also I'm super skeptical the port will be a decent port but we'll have to wait and see on that. I guess I'm a pessimist.
They’re pissed because there was things suggesting that RDR2 would not come to PC, which was either ‘confirmed’ or never cleared up. This forces players to purchase on a console. 

Now here it comes on PC with most likely better support and all the advantages of PC, some year or so later. They have every right to be pissed. 

I personally work with someone, strictly a PC player, who bought an Xbox one *__just__* to play RDR2
The rockstar launcher store doesn't work. It also gives your information to third parties. The game will not be available on Steam until Christmas. 

Bit shitty, but nothing in comparison.
I would love to wait 1,5 years more like we had to with GTA5... but for real, I think most people are pissed because Rockstar wants you to buy in on the Rockstar launcher so they get the full money and don't have to share it with Steam, which I have no problem with, but some people just want all their things on steam, which I also kinda understand...
Oh yeah I could see that. I prefer steam as well, but I downloaded the launcher anyway. It's not that big of a deal. Blizzard has their own launcher too.
> They're pissed about the EGS exclusive business

Isn't it being released on Steam in Dec? Oh no, a minor inconvenience.
Yeah ditto.
They're not mad that it's coming to PC. They're mad that R\* originally said it *wasn't* coming to PC. So all of those people who would've preferred to wait for the PC version bought it for console, and now R\* reveals that they were lying through their teeth to milk both markets dry. So all of those console players that want it for PC now have to buy the game a 2nd time and essentially kiss their progress and achievements goodbye, all because R\* fed them a crock of shit to maximize their profits.

I'm not even a console player, but I can certainly understand the frustration of people in that position.
It did not. Too complicated for them to transfer from what I read.
Screenshot it. It is breach of GDPR.
Yes. The easiest way is to turn to the privacy protection institution of your country (for France : CNIL) or more efficiently turn to an association specialized in customers' rights protection (for France the most well known is "UFC Que choisir") and they'll add the report to the piles they already have.

The more volume they have, the better.
If they're blocking legit gdpr requests then they'll get even more shit for sure. The EU would jump on that. It'll be interesting to see what comes of this if true.
4% of global gross?  You don't say...

&#x200B;

Well, that just sounds like a goal for us, now doesn't it??
Yeah definitely don’t want them having a picture of my ID on file, it’s the one piece of info identity thieves haven’t been able to get their hands on
Yeah I sent them an image of my US ID. Just got an email back saying that they didn't accept it because I'd blacked out my driver's license ID number, so I dunno if they would have eventually accepted it if it were unaltered.
You mean his name and address?  They already know that for the vast majority of us dude.  It's part of the billing process.
Yeah but why make it easier for them?
[deleted]
Did you see the NBA? Similar scandal, at first licking the boots of China. Came around in less than 24 hours, all they had to do: "regardless of whether we agree with the statement the general management made, we support his right to say it. The NBA firmly stands on the side of free speech, and not limiting any players, coaches, etc in that right" (i'm paraphrasing).

Just for saying that, now the NBA is banned in China, and China has responded that they don't consider support for hong kong free speech because it goes against "social stability". It shows the NBA, while willing to be amicable with China, will not be in it's back pocket and will not censor it's own major players to do so.
Yeah, I mean it isn't like this whole fiasco hasn't been all over the news now for the last few days, opening thousands of peoples eyes to the plight in hong kong and to just how evil china is.
I know where everything I buy comes from, and where most of their components are sourced from. I buy very sparsely from China, but I also don't buy that much anymore because I'm at a point in my life where I am trying to get rid of crap and I don't need a bunch of new stuff.
Do you not understand if you previously got 90% of your stuff from China, and now managed to cut that number down to 80%, then China gets 10% less from you? Now imagine thousands, even millions, of other people doing the same. It doesn't need to be all or nothing to have a positive effect.
That was a really long winded explanation for ‘when playing and doing tournaments in China, you have to follow China’s rules’ no shit mate. Everyone here is well aware of that, the problem being the Chinese rules are authoritarian and don’t allow free speech without punishing people with imprisonment/re-education (torture)/or death.  So yes we do have a big fucking problem with blizzard going along with these rules.
"that would be stupid for business"

That's what everyone is upset about. People in Hong Kong are putting their lives on the line for freedom, and a company chooses profits over democracy.
My guess? Their text message service is overloaded. Try tomorrow. Because we need to show them we're not just going to calm down tomorrow and forget about this. Eyes on Hong Kong keep the pro democracy people alive. Blizzard told us they will try to keep our attention away from the people of the City because mainland China wants them too. An Entertainment company trying to keep us unaware of the pracarity of lives who want to keep their voice. Nope. They are telling me i need to send my GOVERNMENT ID to them to verify my account.  Not happening. They got my phone #. If that shit isn't working by tomorrow I will be digging to find a number to directly call.
i wish this was higher up. we need to get that bill passed
https://i.imgur.com/1yVDIPB.png

right lol, unreal... cant even join in on an effort and boycott a single thing for a month. thats pathetic. some people have zero backbone and all selfishness
I want no DEMAND bli$$ard be moved to China. No warning just nope go to china or face financial oblivion
Seems like redemption is out the window, could send a message to other companies to not even TRY these kind of stunts without thinking long and hard about it.
Yep, if you eat meat you can't support human rights. You're a genius.
Wow you must be the smartest guy ever!
You may have read the English press release from blizzard. Did you read the Chinese one? 

“as always, resolutely safeguard the country’s dignity.”

Sound like theyre actively taking a side against the protests to me.
Morally you do what you feel you need.   It won't have much of an impact though unfortunately. I want it to, trust me. But the realistic expectation is actual change does not come from the absence of support for a company, but from active engagement in politics
Yup, and something like 75% of that stuff is completely F2P these days too. :P
Yeah, even with the fallout there are too many die hard fans and people who won't assume a small action on their part will make any difference so they will take inaction instead, and blizzard will go forward making money as usual.
Thanks! I'll definitely start playing it when I have the time :) No more regrets. Funny how much my mind and views have changed only because of actions of Blizzard.
I'm not sure if this is genuine, but it doesnt work for me, but blizzard is a luxury not a necessity so kts not gonna suck that much. At least I'm lucky enough to have been born where I was
Fuck can I at least get a high five
You are trying way to hard at this, I'm playing games while typing so sorry my debating isnt lock right. I just said I cancelled my subscription when I really enjoyed the game and all you decided to trying and fight me on it. If you dont agree that's fine, I'm not trying to "win" at anything other than my game right now. And the fact that you feel like you can win at an internet argument is laughable. Chill out and go enjoy your night. It's not worth you or me having an aneurism over
Explain any logical reason to deny fans a game for however long on all systems when ymthey were going ti release it anyways.

Ill wait..
I'm glad to see the game come to PC, but to delay the release by a year was purely a money-making decision. So, it's entirely understandable some people might be upset by a practice that is intended to make Rockstar more money, and not really benefit the player in any way. Although it certainly is far from being the most egregious example of a games company making choices purely for greater profits at the player's expense (remember the whole lootbox fiasco with EA and Starwars: Battlefront?).
That makes sense. Rockstar is certainly one of bigger money-grubbing videogame entities out there. 

As someone who has played a fair amount of GTA5 on PC, I guess I just thought that the delayed PC release for that game was because they were trying to shore up security vs hackers (and failed miserably at it). And that assumption followed over to RDR2. Thx for explaining.
it's bringing an atmosphere that has been relegated strictly to consoles. freedom of choice is a big reason why we have PCs. consoles you know that you're not getting halo on ps4, and not getting god of war of xbox. their platform is built around exclusives because the consoles are money losses that make back many times over on the games.

egs exclusivity agreements help no one except for epic.
idk, i haven't really been following it, i just saw the fuck epic people talking about how they were super mad about it
I would comply and censor everything that can't possibly be used by them to identify myself, so everything (including the picture) except for my name, birthday and address. If they asked for an uncensored picture, they are going to have to explain themselves
Yes but I think what they're saying is that if they have your name, address and DoB they can probably find all of the other info pretty quickly if they really wanted to.
As if a virus scanner can stop the Chinese government.
Dawg... Look up the great Chinese firewall
>Now imagine thousands, even millions, of other people doing the same.

Nope, not seeing that happening at all.
Okay but again, you clearly don’t understand what’s going on at all. Quit associating with Blizzard. Doesn’t affect any of us still playing or Blizzard at all. You can think you and the mass of people on Reddit threatening to quit does, but it doesn’t. Not to mention most of you won’t actually quit anyway. 

Takes your selfish problems somewhere else and stop pretending to understand international business problems.
For me personally, it's more _addiction_ than selfishness.
Damn, this guy went off lol. Took it to the extreme; I was only trying to say that while it is good to no longer support a company that reacts like this to people **TRYING TO GAIN HUMAN RIGHTS**, it’s not doing anything to actually help them. There are definitely other things that *might* have an impact. Let me remind everyone that Blizzard is an American company. While they undoubtedly have ties with China, it’s not like Blizz has any sort of sway in their political actions.
You do realise that cancelling your wow sub makes 0 difference right? Whether it's just to take a stance or to sabotage them, whatever the reason most people who partake in this #BoycotBlizzard shitfest will start playing and paying for their games again along with the majority who kept playing, they will get their revenue, they won't be moved by your actions nor will they be moved by all the actions as a whole. The flow of money will keep on coming in and in the end that's all that matters to them. Might as well just keep on playing if you enjoy it that much
🌲🍀5🍀🌲
I'm not a software developer... But my understanding of games developed for different platforms is that it takes time to code the game in these different platforms. Then they have to compile, qa, remove bugs, alpha test, beta test, plan for worldwide release, etc. It's the same reason game companies don't always release on Mac at the same time as windows or Android the same time as IOS.

Rockstar has always primarily been a console developer, so it likely takes them a while to recreate the game for PC.
Coding, testing, bug fixing for starters. 

Are you a dev?
Whats the difference between waiting a year and selling it during release? Either way you have to buy it on console and pc.
Nah, they get to cash a huge check for not releasing it to PC players for 12 months. Have a good day.
I think you greatly underestimate the resentment people from all over the world have towards China. It's certainly already happening.  
  
But regardless of whether you believe it or not, then it's worth noting that even if just a single person did it, then it would still have a positive effect.
My selfish problems? Tell that to the people of Hong Kong getting their asses beat by Hong Kong police you fucking prick. Educate yourself on what’s happening over there and in mainland China. I don’t need to understand international business problems to know that what blizzard did was a slap in the face to everyone fighting for their freedom to talk shit about the CCP without getting disappeared. Or hey just keep up with your big brain obvious as fuck lectures on surface level international business relations 😂


And again, no shit most of us realize individually we won’t make a difference to blizzards bottom line, and they’ve made it obvious they’d rather have mainland China’s money anyway with their recent actions so who cares. We’re doing it to make ourselves feel better about not helping blizzards decline into shit games that pander to countries with unapologetically shit human rights records. They’ve made their choice I hope it goes as well as all the other American companies that tried to setup shop there, got their IP stolen, then got kicked out on their asses.
Dont understand why it outrages so many people. I dont want to invest money in it anyways. So even if it doesn't affect the company, I did it anyways. But guess what, it did something since blizzard backed off! Crazy what your definition of 0 difference is.
I know you're trying to see the best in the world but trust me, Rockstar ain't the place to start.

And they were developing on PC way before consoles.

And there's no reason why they seem to be the only company with the inability to release on all platforms at once when there's a lack of exclusivity deals in play with platform manufacturers / various storefronts.

And really they're just some fucking company why defend them? Do you defend and shield your mechanic when your car is still broken or do you raise attention to the issue so it can be properly fixed? They owe you nothing, you owe them nothing. Fuck them.
I am, in fact, a software engineer ... but you don't have to know the first thing about how software is actually developed and deployed to notice that Rockstar is just about the only AAA studio/publisher suffering from this mysterious problem in which the PC versions of their new games are delayed by years.

The fact is that the tooling is good enough these days, and the architectures of consoles and PCs similar enough, that ports do not require the effort they once did. Whether it's unbelievable technical incompetence or (much more likely) simple greed, there's no excuse for how Rockstar handles their PC ports.
Basically forces players to buy it on one platform, then when it comes out on PC, they buy it there as well. More money for Rockstar and console manufacturers.
“Just keep up with your big brain obvious as fuck lectures on surface level international business relations”

Holy shit you might of just killed him.
Yes because as a company they have to keep on having a good face for the public, hence why they backed off, in time all this will cool down, blizzard will get their money and lots of people will be playing their games and giving them money. You might have 'made a difference' at this moment but in the bigger picture you did jack shit, life goes on, most of the people will forget and blizzard will be well off despite what happened, so yea practically 0 difference but hey enjoy your brief time of glory
I guess I just don't see what the issue is. It sucks for me having to wait a year, but I don't play consoles anyway so I just had to wait.
> I am, in fact, a software engineer 

Found the Full Sail drop out. 

> and the architectures of consoles and PCs similar enough 

Sure, they're both on x86, but the hardware is vastly different on PC. 

I missed the part where you have worked on any AAA title and know first hand internal procedures such as team composition and project management. 

Have you ever noticed that Rockstar's PC ports generally come with better performance and less overall game breaking bugs? It's almost like they focus on quality over quantity.
Wasn't Monster Hunter World released on PC like 7 or 8 months after console? I take it Capcom is another one of these companies with that "mysterious problem"?
Ok? What's the difference if they released them at the same time? You would still have to buy the game on both platforms.
Cool and I'm okay with life moving on, I'm just not investing my money into that. See heres the difference, in the grand scheme of things both of these comments wont matter in the big picture, but at least I did something. You stand for jack shit, and are morally shallow. And life will go on, and I will forget about you, and you will forget about me. So are we done with this extremely dense philosophical pissing contest, or do you need to feed your ego anymore?
No one said you have to care about poor business practices, they are just explaining that these are poor business practices and why. The fact that you don't care doesn't give you the right or the authority to dismiss the their claims, and that kind of mindset is hugely problematic on a much larger scale in my opinion.

When someone tells you that they have suffered, it is not your place to dismiss that claim without regard. Suffering is relative. Empathy is universal.
You are a delusional and ignorant child, and everybody knows it but you.

Sorry. :(
Gta 5 made over 4 billion dollars. They have the money to make it all at once. Also where's the anti cheat on gta online.
In their case I'd be more likely to suspect the "unbelievable technical incompetence" I mentioned, but who knows.

It's not like it's *no* work. In fact, given how much larger the scale of AAA game software is these days, in simple man hours it's probably generally more work to execute a port of the same code for a modern AAA game to a different platform than it was back in the day when they would often completely rewrite the game (e.g. Doom 64). But, budgets today have grown proportional to the scale of the projects (obviously), and the vast majority of cross-platform releases these days make it clear that this is a solved problem, even for proprietary engines and tooling known for being relatively immature. For instance, Destiny 2 saw a relatively short delay before its PC release, under two months. IIRC that port was handled by another studio.

So, who really knows in Rockstar's case (or Capcom's) if it's greed or incompetence or simply a lack of anything resembling urgency, but it really has to be one of those three things.
Well you did say you were wondering why it outrages so many people so I explained myself, that's all I did. And hey at least I'm still having fun playing their game and you aren't :)
Get off your fucking high horse. It's a video game. Nobody is suffering. Either way, I didn't say I don't care. I just don't understand why it is an issue. You don't work for Rockstar and don't know their development or staffing capabilities. Would you have rather waited a year to get the game on all 3 platforms instead? Is that fair for the console gamers to wait a year for Rockstar to finish developing it on PC?
Ah, look, another narcissistic ass hat speaking from a false sense of authority on the internet. How original.
Cool man, at least I dont support a communist regime.
Them waiting to release rdr2 on PC is a tactic that they used to get people to double dip on the game. They also did it with GTA:V. They absolutely were able to release both games with the console version.
> Nobody is suffering.

You're demonstrating that lack of empathy that  I was talking about.
Yes, *I'm* the "narcissistic ass hat speaking from a false sense of authority on the internet."

🙄
Good for you
Ok? What's the difference if they released them at the same time? You would still have to buy the game on both platforms.
Please explain how people are suffering. I could use a laugh today.
Yes, that is what I said.
Why do you say that? You would just buy it on the better platform.
I'm not a dog, I don't do tricks on command. Enjoy your day.
Yes, it is. Good job buddy!
Exactly... So if they came out at the same time, I would buy it once. If it comes out 1 year later on PC, I would still only buy it once (on whatever platform). I'm a PC player so I am only buying it once. Why would I need to buy it on PC if I am a console player?

Even if they came out at the same time, buying the game on 1 platform doesn't mean that I get a free copy on the other. It probably should be, but no gaming company does that. I have Diablo 3 on PC. Don't have a free copy for any console.
Oh I see. You backed yourself into an impossible position so you are gracefully conceding. Thanks, you too!
No, I should be congratulating you! You have mastered that ctrl-v, ctrl-c, AND ctrl-i. So proud!
Because real fans of the series want to play it as soon as possible, so they buy the worse game on a console.
lol nice try but whatever makes you feel better.
I'm flattered that you like my insults enough to use them yourself, but you probably want to wait a little while first. Otherwise it just makes things awkward.

Honestly, I'm surprised a master of the art of self-awareness such as yourself doesn't know that.
Why is it worse? Don't they do updates on consoles?
If you are unable to explain your position, you are effectively conceding. GG.
Oh, silly me. I didn't realize you had a copyright on sarcasm. I'll try to do better. 

But wait! What is this? You used a "mastery of a skill" reference in almost the same way I did.

Your hypocrisy knows no bounds!
Worse platform, have to pay a subscription to play online, capped fps and lower quality, the common console downsides.
> I didn't realize you had a copyright on sarcasm

Funny you mention that—based on the evidence assembled here, you don't seem to know what sarcasm *is*.

Or maybe your detector just needs tuning, or your general reading comprehension skills need some development? Or perhaps you are trying to save face by being deliberately obtuse? Regardless, it's not a good look.
Interesting. Thanks!
Also something to note, they never said that they would be releasing RDR2  or GTA:V until later, basically tricking their customers into double dipping.