Haha haha choose Chinese restaurant.
I love when algorithms get confused, it's funny seeing the neural net trying so hard to figure out what Blizzard is when so many references of politics and china are going their way.
Chinese restaurant it is
I did the same thing reported it as a political group! Haha
Chinese restaurant seems likely as well.... (/s)
I actually just went to their page and suggested new tag as a Political Organisation.
It should be Chinese political party
I just tried to post about the issues in wow classic community and was told no politics is rule 3. I don’t see this as a political issue I see it as a moral one.
[LMAO didn't expect it to work](https://imgur.com/2QwDmUm)
All of the above.
Me too!
I think puppet would be more suitable.
Google maps have them listed as a "Chinaware Store"
Definitely Chinese restaurant, they have the best egg rolls
Gee can't wait for the next controversy to completely overshadow this one
https://i.redd.it/xb4ixjxe7rr31.jpg
Why not both?
THIS. IS. GOLD!
Is it really greed that makes Blizzard side with China?  I think its Blackmail, otherwise Activision/Blizzard executives are some of the dumbest people on the planet.

As large and attractive the Chinese market is, Activision/Blizzard cannot get paid from the Chinese market without Hong Kong, don't they realize that?  A lack of a stable Hong Kong means Activision/Blizzard can't get paid, millions of people in the street with 5 demands, and CCP is doing everything to make Hong Kong more and more unstable by not fulfilling them.  Are people at the top who made the decision to turn Blizzard against Hong Kong really that blind?

"But the Chinese market!!" Millions of Chinese gamers pay subscription fees, loot boxes, and microtransactions using RMB (which is now at a decade-low), but what use is RMB to Activision/Blizzard? NOTHING! It's monopoly money that continues to be printed to prop up the debt-bomb created by Shadow Banking (look it up along with Ghost Cities). Activision/Blizzard wants USD, and in order to get it every RMB transaction needs to go through Hong Kong banks because China doesn't have international banking infrastructure on its own.  Again, Activision/Blizzard needs Hong Kong more than CCP because Hong Kong pays out the checks and those checks are getting smaller as RMB continues to slip.  There's no alternative to Hong Kong because unlike Gaming IPs century-old international banking relationships are something that cant be copied or faked; Shanghai doesn't come close and Shenzhen isn't an option. Anybody who does business in China is aware of the fact that western companies use Hong Kong's legal status as a buffer-zone to make sure they get paid.  Hong Kong is protesting against the destruction of One Country, Two Systems which is how western companies are able to make money in China.  Activision/Blizzard doesn't even make the majority of their revenue in China, its bone-headed stupidity!

So why is Activision/Blizzard shooting themselves in the foot in every which way possible?  Still silent? For what?  Greed has limits, but pride does not.  People want to believe that money is capable of corrupting all principles, but money can only go so far because there's plenty of other places to make money.  This kind of hard-line stance seems more like a knee-jerk reaction out of fear because there was never a scenario where Activision/Blizzard can make 'more' money by siding with the CCP

I believe Activision/Blizzard employees are being threatened by the CCP through violence and blackmail to do things to destroy the games we love, and they're cowards for succumbing and keeping silent
Did I get shadowbanned?  Can anyone see this?
Why is there no option for both?
I suggested: business: Undertaker
They aren’t half wrong...
Panda Express
Shit.  I went to see it for myself and accidentally hit, "Report it as permanently closed."  Never did get to see the category options, and Pending Edits is unclickable.
Lu Bu.
Trashbag
Is it too much to ask for both?
Why not both?
lol not to be a jackass, but people like me have been saying this stuff for years and all that’s happened is we get called conspiracy theorists or racist lmao
I just went on Facebook and suggested an edit to add Chinese restaurant and political organization to the page.
Chinese restaurant because they are serving bullshit
I knew Blizzard was just a subsidiary of PF Chang's.
[deleted]
Peking duck is delicious.
[deleted]
They serve the chinese so you aren't wrong.
Can you see this?
Do they serve Xinnies?
Looks like FB disabled Blizzards edit catagory now
Poor thing is trying its hardest.
Perception really is everything.
On Facebook you can tag business pages as certain categories, and people have been tagging Blizzard's page as a Chinese restaurant or political party.
as another person said in this thread

They serve the chinese so you aren't wrong.
I reported them for violence
Most political issues are moral issues.
Isn't Blizzard's whole argument that the ban WASN'T political?
Literally cannot read that

Needs more jpeg
technically..

(i'm using 'ware' as software)
Doubt it, but possible. Hk has been brewing for a while, and now with lots of mainstream subs catching up and even politicians... Well it'll be interesting to see
Activision leadership has always been hostile to both its employees and its customers. I’m surprised it took as long as it did to become adopted as part of Blizzard’s corporate culture. It could be pure cowardice sure, but the way they are behaving given their history makes me feel like they’re making a show of force. I don’t think they have any qualms with siding with China because their values are in line. Activision has been bullying their customers for years, and now that their stock market is finally starting to reflect a fed up demographic, they’re meddling hard into Blizzard which has remained successful because it has been considered off-limits (publicly anyway), and they are dead set on breaking into a market where the population actually CAN’T speak up. 

I believe this is why they consider this matter dealt with and that the original statement they made is the only one they intend on making. They have gone way too long without capitulating to public outcry so I suspect they’re continuing the time-tested Activision strategy of ignoring the issue expecting it to blow over. I’m personally done making excuses for Blizzard, it’s not the same company of Morhaime or Metzen *et al*, it’s just another Activision property. 

Having said that, I definitely feel for the employees who joined believing in the lip service the company parrots about being a force of good. It’s hard enough to make it in this industry so I can’t imagine how difficult this must be for them.
Not only is everything you said true in terms of the economy piece, but the irony of blizzard being so political in this situation is mind blowing  (instead of simply saying “hey guys, can we not say political things in gaming broadcasts). 

The second this tips over into loss of profits, they will take back everything. Unless they are planing to become an outright Chinese company I’m not sure how this works out well for them...? 

Ironically this event is making a lot of gamers aware of the CCP vs Hong Kong conflict, which is seriously not helping Blizzards case internationally. In fact, they’re educating people on an issue so serious—while being complicit within that issue... it’s just pure ignorant gold really.
They make like $1 billion of revenue off of China. Was a recent thing where a Blizzard employee said 70% of WoW concurrent players are Chinese in a stream, but couldn't give actual numbers besides that, as they were unsure if they were allowed to say.

A corporation isn't gonna just give up $1 billion over a short-term hit to their reputation (which they no doubt see this as). They'll wait it out, keep quiet, keep their heads down and let it blow over and people cool down or forget as the next controversy comes out.

Corporations are always about appeasing Shareholders/Investors. They need exponential growth year after year to keep them happy. And if they lose China, that's a 10-11% drop in revenue they're not gonna get back.

And China is absolutely using it's influence to force these companies to keep quiet, or they'll be banned out of China. It's part of their "Belts and Roads Initiative" to gain economic influence in countries to do stuff like this.
This comment should be at the top.
Hello
if you're shadowbanned it's not redditwide and also not on this sub
You are good.
Doesn't seem like an impossibility.
Human rights are politics. It is the duty of every good person to prevent that from being the case.
Moving from MLG to MSG
hahahahaha this is hilarious
damn savage
But they're wong for doing it.
Algorithm: “I don’t know why but thousands of people are talking about this Chinese restaurant”
as another person said in this thread

hahahahaha this is hilarious
Thanks
Thank you for your service
That is not really true though.
All moral issues are political issues.
I started an edit on blizzard’s facebook page a few days ago, added « chinese restaurant » and « tai chi » to the list. 

Glad to see it’s actually been appearing on the page and the modification is still in process.
I can't read it because it's in a language I don't speak, but the image looks pretty clear to me!
Indeed, How difficult is it to have on their conscience that the ones facing tear gas, beatings, shootings, and rape are their siblings, friends, and children?

There's a clear right and wrong. It is fear that justifies inaction
Activision/Blizzard does not make $1 billion dollars out of China without HK, go reread my post.  All the money made off of Chinese players might as well be toilet paper because Activision/Blizzard cant pay bonuses or salaries in RMB.  No matter what the rate of chinese playergrowth is, Activision/Blizzard won't make any money when the currency weakens at higher rate, and Chinese wages continue to stagnant while debt increases wont see that trend reverse.


Go look it up, Belt and Road is a fake.  All there is to show for is a bloated bridge project in Kenya that collapsed in a couple years and seaports without logistics.  Why was the bridge in Kenya so expensive to build? Why are Belt and Road projects build in areas without ANY DEMAND? And why are Belt and Road projects only contracted to Chinese construction companies rather than an avenue to build partnerships with foreign nations? Because it is a money laundering operation, not an infrastructure initiative, its a scam.   

Whatever you think you know about Belt and Road are just propaganda videos, those construction sites are either empty or have halted for months (even years) even though $1 trillion dollars ALREADY exchanged hands.  China is short on foreign capital to purchase material to continue those projects, and no amount from debt traps are able to pay for it otherwise.  It was never meant to be completed.  So the most expensive infrastructure initiative in the world, where did the wealth go? All that money printed, where is the wealth?  It is all in oversea accounts like those discovered in 2016 by the Panama Papers, Xi's brother is a great example.  Why else do you think the CCP has been scrambling since? Why else does CCP need HK in 2019 rather wait until 2047?
Who are you replying to?

&#x200B;

^(/s)
Hello! Hello! Hello!
[deleted]
Genius
General Tso's butthole.
Major Sino Gaming?
Heyyyy, why you making MSG look bad ;-;   

lel
Man, MSG gets a bad rap for basically being seaweed and tomato essence. Unlike the CCP, it didn't go out of its way to hurt nobody.
msg from china make lots of ppl sick
Just watch the algorithm figure out the only way to stop getting confusing answers is to enslave mankind. I hope you're all happy now.
Oh you..
as another person said in this thread

Edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger!
Interesting, thanks for the insight. However, I'd still maintain that ActiBlizz will keep their mouths shut in order to keep access to the money from Chinese market, no matter how small or diminished it may be. Any amount of money as long as it helps them grow and please investors/shareholders at the end of the year is good enough.

They laid off 800 employees in order to have a short-term gain in order to please investors/shareholders. They'll bend over for China for a dime.
Joe :|
Is there anybody in there?
No you don't. Hong Kongers are being shot by their own police, and you aren't willing to give up video games?
Now THAT is a great Hearthstone card
To be clear, we're both talking about monosodium glutamate, right?
That's a myth
That algorithm's name? 

xi jinping
Joe momma. Ayo.
let's do our part
xi jinpig